###25467619
OBJECTIVE	To determine the perceived risk of type 2 diabetes in a sample of healthy middle-aged adults and examine the association between perceived risk and modelled risk , clinical risk factors , and psychological factors theorised to be antecedents of behaviour change .
METHODS	An exploratory , cross-sectional analysis of perceived risk of type 2 diabetes ( framed according to time and in comparison with peers ) was conducted using baseline data collected from 569 participants of the Diabetes Risk Communication Trial ( Cambridgeshire , UK ) .
METHODS	Type 2 diabetes risk factors were measured during a health assessment and the Framingham Offspring Diabetes Risk Score was used to model risk .
METHODS	Questionnaires assessed psychological factors including anxiety , diabetes-related worry , behavioural intentions , and other theory-based antecedents of behaviour change .
METHODS	Multivariable regression analyses were used to examine associations between perceived risk and potential correlates .
RESULTS	Participants with a high perceived risk were at higher risk according to the Framingham Offspring Diabetes Risk Score ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Higher perceived risk was observed in those with a higher body fat percentage , lower self-rated health , higher diabetes-related worry , and lower self-efficacy for adhering to governmental recommendations for physical activity ( all p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The framing of perceived risk according to time and in comparison with peers did not influence these results .
CONCLUSIONS	High perceived risk of type 2 diabetes is associated with higher risk of developing the disease , and a decreased likelihood of engagement in risk-reducing health behaviours .
CONCLUSIONS	Risk communication interventions should target high-risk individuals with messages about the effectiveness of prevention strategies .

###25527758
BACKGROUND	Although multivitamins are widely used , there are limited prospective studies investigating their association with both long - and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) .
OBJECTIVE	The objective was to investigate how multivitamin use is associated with the long - and short-term risk of CVD .
METHODS	A prospective cohort study was conducted of 37,193 women from the Women 's Health Study aged 45 y and free of CVD and cancer at baseline who were followed for an average of 16.2 y.
METHODS	At baseline , women self-reported a wide range of lifestyle , clinical , and dietary factors .
METHODS	Women were categorized into 1 ) no current use and 2 ) current use of multivitamins .
METHODS	Duration and updated measures over the course of the follow-up to address short-term effects were also considered .
METHODS	Women were followed for major CVD events , including myocardial infarction ( MI ) , stroke , and CVD death .
RESULTS	During the follow-up , 1493 incident cases of CVD [ defined as myocardial infarction ( MI ) , stroke , and CVD death ] occurred .
RESULTS	In multivariable analyses , multivitamin use compared with no use was not associated with major CVD events ( HR : 1.01 ; 95 % CI : 0.89 , 1.15 ) , MI ( HR : 1.04 ; 95 % CI : 0.84 , 1.27 ) , stroke ( HR : 0.99 ; 95 % CI : 0.83 , 1.18 ) , or CVD death ( HR : 1.10 ; 95 % CI : 0.84 , 1.45 ) .
RESULTS	A nonsignificant inverse association was observed between baseline multivitamin use and major CVD events among women aged 70 y ( P-interaction = 0.04 ) and those consuming < 3 servings/d of fruit and vegetables ( P-interaction = 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	When updating information on multivitamin use during the course of follow-up , no associations were observed for major CVD events ( HR : 0.91 ; 95 % CI : 0.82 , 1.02 ) , MI ( HR : 0.89 ; 95 % CI : 0.74 , 1.06 ) , stroke ( HR : 0.91 ; 95 % CI : 0.78 , 1.06 ) , and CVD death ( HR : 0.91 ; 95 % CI : 0.71 , 1.16 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In this study of middle-aged and elderly women , neither baseline nor time-varying multivitamin use was associated with the long-term risk of major CVD events , MI , stroke , cardiac revascularizations , or CVD death .
CONCLUSIONS	Additional studies are needed to clarify the role of multivitamins on CVD .

###24566612
OBJECTIVE	To compare the immediate effects of electroacupuncture and manual acupuncture on pain , mobility and muscle strength in patients with knee osteoarthritis .
METHODS	Sixty patients with knee osteoarthritis , with a pain intensity of 2 on the pain Numerical Rating Scale , were included .
METHODS	The patients were randomised into two groups : manual acupuncture and electroacupuncture .
METHODS	Pain intensity , degree of dysfunction ( Timed Up and Go ( TUG ) test ) , maximal voluntary isometric contraction and pressure pain threshold were assessed before and after a single session of manual acupuncture or electroacupuncture treatments .
RESULTS	Both groups showed a significant reduction in pain intensity ( p < 0.001 ) and time to run the TUG test after the acupuncture treatment ( p = 0.005 for the manual acupuncture group and p = 0.002 for the electroacupuncture group ) .
RESULTS	There were no differences between the groups regarding pain intensity ( p = 0.25 ) , TUG test ( p = 0.70 ) , maximum voluntary isometric contraction ( p = 0.43 ) or pressure pain threshold ( p = 0.27 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study found no difference between the immediate effects of a single session of manual acupuncture and electroacupuncture on pain , muscle strength and mobility in patients with knee osteoarthritis .
BACKGROUND	RBR-9TCN2X .

###24387663
BACKGROUND	The duration between first symptom and a cancer diagnosis is important because , if shortened , may lead to earlier stage diagnosis and improved cancer outcomes .
BACKGROUND	We have previously developed a tool to measure this duration in newly-diagnosed patients .
BACKGROUND	In this two-phase study , we aimed further improve our tool and to conduct a trial comparing levels of anxiety between two modes of delivery : self-completed versus researcher-administered .
METHODS	In phase 1 , ten patients completed the modified tool and participated in cognitive debrief interviews .
METHODS	In phase 2 , we undertook a Randomised Controlled Trial ( RCT ) of the revised tool ( Cancer Symptom Interval Measure ( C-SIM ) ) in three hospitals for 11 different cancers .
METHODS	Respondents were invited to provide either exact or estimated dates of first noticing symptoms and presenting them to primary care .
METHODS	The primary outcome was anxiety related to delivery mode , with completeness of recording as a secondary outcome .
METHODS	Dates from a subset of patients were compared with GP records .
RESULTS	After analysis of phase 1 interviews , the wording and format were improved .
RESULTS	In phase 2 , 201 patients were randomised ( 93 self-complete and 108 researcher-complete ) .
RESULTS	Anxiety scores were significantly lower in the researcher-completed group , with a mean rank of 83.5 ; compared with the self-completed group , with a mean rank of 104.0 ( Mann-Whitney U = 3152 , p = 0.007 ) .
RESULTS	Completeness of data was significantly better in the researcher-completed group , with no statistically significant difference in time taken to complete the tool between the two groups .
RESULTS	When comparing the dates in the patient questionnaires with those in the GP records , there was evidence in the records of a consultation on the same date or within a proscribed time window for 32/37 ( 86 % ) consultations ; for estimated dates there was evidence for 23/37 consultations ( 62 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	We have developed and tested a tool for collecting patient-reported data relating to appraisal intervals , help-seeking intervals , and diagnostic intervals in the cancer diagnostic pathway for 11 separate cancers , and provided evidence of its acceptability , feasibility and validity .
CONCLUSIONS	This is a useful tool to use in descriptive and epidemiological studies of cancer diagnostic journeys , and causes less anxiety if administered by a researcher .

###24277055
BACKGROUND	Radiofrequency ablation of atrial fibrillation has been associated with some risk of thromboembolic events .
BACKGROUND	Previous studies showed that preventive short episodes of forearm ischemia ( remote ischemic preconditioning [ IPC ] ) reduce exercise-induced platelet reactivity .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we assessed whether remote IPC has any effect on platelet activation induced by radiofrequency ablation of atrial fibrillation .
RESULTS	We randomized 19 patients ( age , 54.711 years ; 17 male ) undergoing radiofrequency catheter ablation of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation to receive remote IPC or sham intermittent forearm ischemia ( control subjects ) before the procedure .
RESULTS	Blood venous samples were collected before and after remote IPC/sham ischemia , at the end of the ablation procedure , and 24 hours later .
RESULTS	Platelet activation and reactivity were assessed by flow cytometry by measuring monocyte-platelet aggregate formation , platelet CD41 in the monocyte-platelet aggregate gate , and platelet CD41 and CD62 in the platelet gate in the absence and presence of ADP stimulation .
RESULTS	At baseline , there were no differences between groups in platelet variables .
RESULTS	Radiofrequency ablation induced platelet activation in both groups , which persisted after 24 hours .
RESULTS	However , compared with control subjects , remote IPC patients showed a lower increase in all platelet variables , including monocyte-platelet aggregate formation ( P < 0.0001 ) , CD41 in the monocyte-platelet aggregate gate ( P = 0.002 ) , and CD41 ( P < 0.0001 ) and CD62 ( P = 0.002 ) in the platelet gate .
RESULTS	Compared with control subjects , remote IPC was also associated with a significantly lower ADP-induced increase in all platelet markers .
CONCLUSIONS	Our data show that remote IPC before radiofrequency catheter ablation for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation significantly reduces the increased platelet activation and reactivity associated with the procedure .

###24504008
OBJECTIVE	To analyse if social capital modifies the effect of educational intervention of home visitors on mobility disability .
OBJECTIVE	Earlier studies have found that educational intervention of home visitors has a positive effect of older peoples ' functional decline , but how social capital might modify this effect is still unknown .
METHODS	We used the Danish Intervention Study on Preventive Home Visits - a prospective cohort study including 2863 75-year-olds and 1171 80-year-olds in 34 Danish municipalities - to analyse the modifying effect of different aspects of social capital on the effect of educational intervention of home visitors on functional decline .
METHODS	The three measures of social capital ( bonding , bridging , and linking ) were measured at contextual level .
METHODS	Data was analysed with multivariate linear regression model using generalised estimating equations to account for repeated measurements .
RESULTS	We found that 80-year-olds living in municipalities with high bonding ( B = 0.089 , p = 0.0279 ) and high linking ( B = 0.0929 ; p = 0.0217 ) had significant better mobility disability in average at 3-year follow up if their municipality had received intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	With the unique design of the Danish Intervention Study on Preventive Home Visits and with theory-based measures of social capital that distinguish between three aspects of social capital with focus on older people , this study contributes to the literature about the role of social capital for interventions on mobility disability .

###26011955
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the effect of preoperative psychological intervention on alleviating negative emotions in patients undergoing emergent ocular trauma surgery .
METHODS	A total of 100 patients undergoing emergent ocular trauma surgery were selected using convenience sampling and randomly divided into control ( n = 49 ) and experimental ( n = 51 ) groups .
METHODS	Patients in the control group received conventional nursing and their counterparts in the observation group were treated with individualized psychological interventions including psychological support , relaxation training , and humanistic care based on conventional nursing care .
METHODS	Self-rating anxiety scale ( SAS ) , self-rating depression scale ( SDS ) , and fear visual analog scale ( FVAS ) scores were statistically compared between the two groups .
RESULTS	The scores of SAS , SDS , and FAVS were significantly lower in the experimental group than in the control group ( all P < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Comprehensive psychological intervention effectively eliminates negative emotions in patients undergoing emergent ocular trauma surgery and accelerates their physical and mental recovery .

###25377507
BACKGROUND	Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) - mediated angiogenesis plays an important role in non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .
BACKGROUND	Ramucirumab is a human immunoglobulin G1 monoclonal antibody that inhibits VEGF receptor 2 .
BACKGROUND	This phase 2 study investigated ramucirumab in combination with first-line pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy in advanced/metastatic NSCLC .
METHODS	Eligible stage IV nonsquamous NSCLC patients with no prior chemotherapy for metastatic disease were randomized 1:1 to pemetrexed and carboplatin ( or cisplatin ) or ramucirumab ( 10 mg/kg ) plus pemetrexed and carboplatin ( or cisplatin ) once every 3 weeks .
METHODS	Treatment was given for 4 to 6 cycles , and this was followed by a maintenance phase with pemetrexed or ramucirumab and pemetrexed .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was progression-free survival ( PFS ) with a sample size of sufficient power to detect an increase from 7 to 10.4 months .
RESULTS	From October 2010 to October 2011 , 140 patients were randomized ( pemetrexed-platinum arm , 71 ; ramucirumab-pemetrexed-platinum arm , 69 ) , and most baseline characteristics were similar for the 2 treatment arms .
RESULTS	The median PFS was 5.6 months for the pemetrexed-platinum arm and 7.2 months for the ramucirumab-pemetrexed-platinum arm ( hazard ratio , 0.75 ; P = .132 ) .
RESULTS	The objective response rates were 38.0 % and 49.3 % for the pemetrexed-platinum and ramucirumab-pemetrexed-platinum arms , respectively ( P = .180 ) .
RESULTS	The disease control rate was 70.4 % for the pemetrexed-platinum arm and 85.5 % for the ramucirumab-pemetrexed-platinum arm ( P = .032 ) .
RESULTS	The grade 3 or higher adverse events occurring in 10 % or more of patients were thrombocytopenia , neutropenia , fatigue , anemia , nausea , back pain , and hypertension .
CONCLUSIONS	The primary endpoint of significant prolongation of PFS was not met ; however , ramucirumab showed evidence of clinical activity in combination with pemetrexed and platinum in nonsquamous NSCLC patients .
CONCLUSIONS	The addition of ramucirumab to pemetrexed and platinum did not result in new or unexpected safety findings .

###24609628
OBJECTIVE	To combine multiple Heidelberg Retina Tomograph ( HRT ) parameters using the Random Forests classifier to diagnose glaucoma , both in highly and physiologically myopic ( highly myopic ) eyes and emmetropic eyes .
METHODS	Subjects consisted of healthy subjects and age-matched patients with open-angle glaucoma in emmetropic ( -1.0 to +1.0 diopters [ D ] , 63 and 59 subjects , respectively ) and highly myopic eyes ( -10.0 to -5.0 D , 56 and 64 subjects , respectively ) .
METHODS	First , area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( AUC ) was derived using 84 HRT global and sectorial parameters and the representative HRT raw parameter ( largest AUC ) was identified .
METHODS	Then , the Random Forests method was carried out using age , refractive error , and 84 HRT parameters .
METHODS	The AUCs were also derived using the following : ( 1 ) Frederick S. Mikelberg discriminant function ( FSM ) score , ( 2 ) Reinhard O.W. Burk discriminant function ( RB ) score , ( 3 ) Moorfields regression analysis ( MRA ) score , and ( 4 ) glaucoma probability score ( GPS ) .
RESULTS	In combined emmetropic and highly myopic population , AUC with Random Forests method ( 0.96 ) was significantly larger than AUCs with the representative HRT raw parameter ( vertical cup-to-disc ratio [ global ] , 0.89 ) , FSM ( 0.90 ) , RB ( 0.83 ) , MRA ( 0.87 ) , and GPS ( 0.81 ) ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Similarly , AUC with the Random Forests method was significantly ( P < 0.05 ) larger than these other parameters , both in emmetropic and highly myopic groups .
RESULTS	Also , the Random Forests method achieved partial AUCs above 80 % / 90 % significantly ( P < 0.05 ) larger than any other HRT parameters in all populations .
CONCLUSIONS	Evaluating multiple HRT parameters using the Random Forests classifier provided accurate diagnosis of glaucoma , both in emmetropic and highly myopic eyes .

###25087476
BACKGROUND	Dengue virus is the most serious mosquito-borne viral threat to public health and no vaccines or antiviral therapies are approved for dengue fever .
BACKGROUND	The tetravalent DENVax vaccine contains a molecularly characterised live attenuated dengue serotype-2 virus ( DENVax-2 ) and three recombinant vaccine viruses expressing the prM and E structural genes for serotypes 1 , 3 , and 4 in the DENVax-2 genetic backbone .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to assess the safety and immunogenicity of tetravalent DENVax formulations .
METHODS	We undertook a randomised , double-blind , phase 1 , dose-escalation trial between Oct 11 , 2011 , and Nov 9 , 2011 , in the Rionegro , Antioquia , Colombia .
METHODS	The first cohort of participants ( aged 18-45 years ) were randomly assigned centrally , via block randomisation , to receive a low-dose formulation of DENvax , or placebo , by either subcutaneous or intradermal administration .
METHODS	After a safety assessment , participants were randomly assigned to receive a high-dose DENVax formulation , or placebo , by subcutaneous or intradermal administration .
METHODS	Group assignment was not masked from study pharmacists , but allocation was concealed from participants , nurses , and investigators .
METHODS	Primary endpoints were frequency and severity of injection-site and systemic reactions within 28 days of each vaccination .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints were the immunogenicity of DENVax against all four dengue virus serotypes , and the viraemia due to each of the four vaccine components after immunisation .
METHODS	Analysis was by intention to treat for safety and per protocol for immunogenicity .
METHODS	Because of the small sample size , no detailed comparison of adverse event rates were warranted .
METHODS	The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01224639 .
RESULTS	We randomly assigned 96 patients to one of the four study groups : 40 participants ( 42 % ) received low-dose vaccine and eight participants ( 8 % ) received placebo in the low-dose groups ; 39 participants ( 41 % ) received high-dose vaccine , with nine ( 9 % ) participants assigned to receive placebo .
RESULTS	Both formulations were well tolerated with mostly mild and transient local or systemic reactions .
RESULTS	No clinically meaningful differences were recorded in the overall incidence of local and systemic adverse events between patients in the vaccine and placebo groups ; 68 ( 86 % ) of 79 participants in the vaccine groups had solicited systemic adverse events compared with 13 ( 76 % ) of 17 of those in the placebo groups .
RESULTS	By contrast , 67 participants ( 85 % ) in the vaccine group had local solicited reactions compared with five ( 29 % ) participants in the placebo group .
RESULTS	Immunisation with either high-dose or low-dose DENVax formulations induced neutralising antibody responses to all four dengue virus serotypes ; 30 days after the second dose , 47 ( 62 % ) of 76 participants given vaccine seroconverted to all four serotypes and 73 ( 96 % ) participants seroconverted to three or more dengue viruses .
RESULTS	Infectious DENVax viruses were detected in only ten ( 25 % ) of 40 participants in the low-dose group and 13 ( 33 % ) of 39 participants in the high-dose group .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings emphasise the acceptable tolerability and immunogenicity of the tetravalent DENVax formulations in healthy , flavivirus-naive adults .
CONCLUSIONS	Further clinical testing of DENVax in different age groups and in dengue-endemic areas is warranted .
BACKGROUND	Takeda Vaccines .

###25404102
OBJECTIVE	To study the role of mometasone furoate aqueous nasal spray for the management of adenoidal hypertrophy in children with more than 50 per cent obstruction , and to assess its impact on change in quality of life .
METHODS	A prospective , randomised , double-blind , interventional placebo-controlled study was conducted .
METHODS	A total of 100 children aged 2-12 years completed treatment and follow up .
METHODS	The symptoms and degree of obstruction were evaluated by nasopharyngoscopy conducted pre-treatment and 24 weeks post-treatment .
METHODS	Subjects received mometasone furoate nasal spray at a daily dose of 200g for 8 weeks , followed by a dose of 200g on alternate days for 16 weeks .
METHODS	RESULTS were compared with those of a matched control group who were given saline nasal spray .
RESULTS	With mometasone treatment , there was an 89.8 per cent reduction in clinical symptom score , and the degree of obstruction dropped from 87 to 72 per cent ( p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	A statistically significant change in quality of life scores was seen in patients treated with the mometasone nasal spray ( score change of 37.47 ) as compared with those given saline nasal spray ( score change of 11.25 ) ( p = 0.0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Mometasone nasal spray appears to be effective in treating children with obstructive adenoids .

###24812899
OBJECTIVE	To observe the effect of Ningdong Granule ( NG ) on serum levels of interleukin-12 ( IL-12 ) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) of children patients with Tourette 's syndrome ( TS ) .
METHODS	Totally 90 TS children patients were randomly assigned to the NG group , the NG + Tiapride group ( abbreviated as the combined treatment group ) , and the Tiapride group , 30 in each group .
METHODS	Besides , another 30 healthy children were recruited as the healthy control group .
METHODS	Patients in the NG group were treated with NG ( consisting of all gastrodia rhizome , Codonopsis pilosula , Ophiopogon japonicus , white peony root , Rhinocerotidae , oyster , earthworm , licorice root , etc. ) , one dose daily , administered by dissolving it in boiled water , taken in two portions in the morning and in the evening respectively .
METHODS	Patients in the Tiapride group took Tiapride Tablet , 50 -100 mg each time , twice daily .
METHODS	The dosage was adjusted according to individual difference and changes of pathogenic conditions .
METHODS	The maximal dosage was 300 mg per day .
METHODS	Those in the combined treatment group were treated with equal dose of NG and Tiapride Tablet in combination .
METHODS	The treatment course was 3 months for all .
METHODS	Changes of pathogenic condition before and after treatment were assessed by Yale global tic severity scale ( YGTSS ) .
METHODS	Serum levels of IL-12 and TNF-alpha were detected by enzyme-labeled immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) before and after treatment .
RESULTS	( 1 ) The total effective rate of the NG group , the combined treatment group , and the Tiapride group was 79.3 % , 83.3 % , and 67.9 % , respectively .
RESULTS	It was the lowest in the Tiapride group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	It was significantly higher in the combined treatment group than in the NG group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 2 ) The post-treatment YGTSS score was obviously lower in each group after treatment than before treatment ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The posttreatment YGTSS score was obviously lower in the NG group and the combined treatment group than in the Tiapride group ( P < 0.05 ) , but with no statistical difference between the fromer two groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 3 ) Compared with the healthy control group before treatment , serum levels of IL-12 and TNF-alpha ( pg/mL ) were 124.95 + / - 22.78 and 209.52 + / - 21.69 in the NG group , 126.14 + / - 25.65 and 208.97 + / - 22.46 in the combined treatment group , 123.00 + / - 24.26 and 205.10 + / - 26.16 in the Tiapride group , being higher than those in the healthy control group ( 64.56 + / - 27.59 and 78.13 + / - 33.42 ; P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	After treatment , serum levels of of IL-12 and TNF-alpha were 104.67 + / - 16.84 and 183.01 + / - 24.95 in the NG group , 109.04 + / - 16.81 and 179.87 + / - 23.45 in the combined treatment group , significantly lower than before treatment ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	But there was no statistical difference in serum levels of IL-12 or TNF-alpha in the Tiapride group between before treatment ( 123.00 + / - 24.26 and 205.10 + / - 26.16 ) and after treatment ( 117.75 + / - 16.79 and 199.76 + / - 33.21 ; P > 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	NG could modulate abnormal serum levels of IL-12 and TNF-alpha in TS children patients , which might be one of its pharmacodynamic mechanisms for treating TS .

###24942382
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effect of certolizumab pegol ( CZP ) on productivity outside and within the home , and on participation in family , social and leisure activities in adult patients with psoriatic arthritis ( PsA ) .
METHODS	RAPID-PsA ( NCT01087788 ) is a phase 3 , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial .
METHODS	409 patients with active PsA were randomised 1:1:1 to placebo , CZP 200mg every 2weeks ( Q2W ) or CZP 400mg every 4weeks ( Q4W ) .
METHODS	The arthritis-specific Work Productivity Survey ( WPS ) assessed the impact of PsA on paid work and household productivity , and participation in social activities during the preceding month .
METHODS	WPS responses were compared between treatment arms using a non-parametric bootstrap-t method .
RESULTS	At baseline , 56.6 % , 60.1 % and 61.5 % of placebo , CZP 200mg Q2W and CZP 400mg Q4W patients were employed .
RESULTS	By week 24 , employed CZP patients reported an average of 1.0-1 .8 and 3.0-3 .9 fewer days of absenteeism and presenteeism , respectively , per month compared with 1.0 and 0.3 fewer days for placebo patients ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Within the home , by week 24 , CZP patients reported an average of 3.0-3 .5 household work days gained per month versus 1.0 day for placebo ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	CZP patients also reported fewer days with reduced household productivity or days lost for participation in family , social and leisure activities .
RESULTS	Improvements with CZP were seen as early as week 4 and continued to week 24 .
CONCLUSIONS	CZP treatment significantly improved productivity at paid work and within the home , and resulted in greater participation in social activities for PsA patients .
BACKGROUND	NCT01087788 .

###24628035
OBJECTIVE	Two double-blind , randomized studies were conducted to assess the tolerability , pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of oral TA-8995 , a new cholesteryl ester transfer protein ( CETP ) inhibitor , in healthy subjects .
METHODS	Study 1 : Subjects received single doses of TA-8995 or placebo ( fasted ) .
METHODS	Doses were 5 , 10 , 25 , 50 ( fed/fasted ) , 100 and 150mg ( Caucasian males , 18-55years ) , 25mg ( Caucasian males , > 65years and Caucasian females , 18-55years ) , 25 , 50 , 100 and 150mg ( Japanese males , 18-55years ) .
METHODS	Study 2 : Caucasian males ( 18-55years ) received 1 , 2.5 , 10 or 25mg once daily TA-8995 or placebo for 21-28days .
METHODS	Blood and urine for pharmacokinetics and/or pharmacodynamics were collected .
METHODS	Tolerability was assessed by adverse events , vital signs , electrocardiograms and laboratory safety tests .
RESULTS	Peak TA-8995 concentrations occurred approximately 4h post-dose .
RESULTS	Mean half-lives ranged from 81 to 166h , without an obvious dose relationship .
RESULTS	Exposure increased less than proportionally to dose .
RESULTS	TA-8995 was not excreted in urine .
RESULTS	Following 2.5 to 25mg once daily dosing , TA-8995 demonstrated nearly complete inhibition of CETP activity ( 92-99 % ) , increased high density lipoprotein-cholesterol ( HDL-C ) by 96 to 140 % and decreased low density liporotein-cholesterol ( LDL-C ) by 40 % to 53 % .
RESULTS	There were dose-related increases in apolipoproteins A-1 and E , HDL2-C and HDL3-C , and decreases in apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein A.
RESULTS	There was no evidence of significant effects of age , gender , ethnicity or food on pharmacokinetics or pharmacodynamics .
RESULTS	All doses were well tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	TA-8995 is a potent CETP inhibitor and warrants further investigation .

###25069531
BACKGROUND	Limited data exist regarding the efficacy of metoclopramide in the treatment of intractable hiccups .
OBJECTIVE	This study aimed to assess the feasibility efficacy of metoclopramide in the treatment of patients with intractable hiccups .
METHODS	A total of 36 patients with intractable hiccups was randomly assigned to arm A ( n = 18 ) or arm B ( n = 18 ) in a multicentre , double-blind , randomised , controlled pilot study .
METHODS	Participants in arm A received 10-mg metoclopramide thrice daily for 15 days , whereas those assigned to arm B received 10-mg placebo thrice daily for 15 days .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure was total efficacy against hiccups ( including cessation and improvement of hiccups ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcome measures included a comparison of overall efficacy and adverse events between the two arms .
RESULTS	Of the 36 patients enrolled , 34 participants completed the study .
RESULTS	The total efficacy was higher in arm A than in arm B ( relative risk , 2.75 ; 95 % confidence interval : 1.09-6 .94 , P = 0.03 ) .
RESULTS	Furthermore , comparison between the two arms revealed that overall efficacy was higher in arm A than that in arm B ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	No serious adverse events related to the treatment were documented in either arm .
RESULTS	The most common adverse events occurring in patients in arm A included fatigue , upset mood and dizziness .
CONCLUSIONS	Metoclopramide appears to be a promising candidate for the treatment of patients with intractable hiccups , with mild adverse events .
CONCLUSIONS	However , further clinical trials are required to confirm these results .

###25880278
BACKGROUND	Plain packaging requires tobacco products to be sold in packs with a standard shape , method of opening and colour , leaving the brand name in a standard font and location .
BACKGROUND	We ran a randomised controlled trial to investigate the impact of plain packaging on smoking behaviour and attitudes .
METHODS	In a parallel group randomised trial design , 128 daily smokers smoked cigarettes from their usual UK brand , or a plain Australian brand that was closely matched to their usual UK brand for 24 hours .
METHODS	Primary outcomes were number of cigarettes smoked and volume of smoke inhaled per cigarette .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes were self-reported ratings of motivation to quit , cigarette taste , experience of using the pack , experience of smoking , attributes of the pack , perceptions of the health warning , changes in smoking behaviour , and views on plain packaging .
RESULTS	There was no evidence that pack type had an effect on either of the primary measures ( ps > 0.279 ) .
RESULTS	However , smokers using plain cigarette packs rated the experience of using the pack more negatively ( -0.52 , 95 % CI -0.82 to -0.22 , p = 0.001 ) , rated the pack attributes more negatively ( -1.59 , 95 % CI -1.80 to -1.39 , p < 0.001 ) , and rated the health warning as more impactful ( +0.51 , 95 % CI 0.24 to 0.78 , p < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Plain cigarette packs reduce ratings of the experience of using the cigarette pack , and ratings of the pack attributes , and increase the self-perceived impact of the health warning , but do not change smoking behaviour , at least in the short term .
BACKGROUND	Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN52982308 .
BACKGROUND	Registered 27 June 2013 .

###24628438
BACKGROUND	Until now , working memory training has not reached sufficient evidence as effective treatment for ADHD core symptoms in children with ADHD ; for young children with ADHD , no studies are available .
BACKGROUND	To this end , a triple-blind , randomized , placebo-controlled study was designed to assess the efficacy of Cogmed Working Memory Training ( CWMT ) in young children with ADHD .
METHODS	Fifty-one children ( 5-7years ) with a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of ADHD ( without current psychotropic medication ) were randomly assigned to the active ( adaptive ) or placebo ( nonadaptive ) training condition for 25 sessions during 5 weeks .
METHODS	The compliance criterion ( > 20 sessions ) was met for 47 children .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure concerned the core behavioural symptoms of ADHD , measured with the ADHD Rating Scale IV ( ADHD-RS ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcome measures were neurocognitive functioning , daily executive functioning , and global clinical functioning .
METHODS	The influence of the increase in difficulty level ( Index-Improvement ) for the treatment group was also analysed .
METHODS	Clinical trial registration information - ` Working Memory Training in Young ADHD Children ' ; www.clinicaltrials.gov ; NCT00819611 .
RESULTS	A significant improvement in favour of the active condition was found on a verbal working memory task ( p = .041 ; adapted Digit Span WISC-III , backward condition ) .
RESULTS	However , it did not survive correction for multiple testing .
RESULTS	No significant treatment effect on any of the primary or other secondary outcome measurements was found .
RESULTS	The Index-Improvement significantly contributed to ADHD-RS and the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function , both rated by the teacher , but revealed no significant group difference .
CONCLUSIONS	This study failed to find robust evidence for benefits of CMWT over the placebo training on behavioural symptoms , neurocognitive , daily executive , and global clinical functioning in young children with ADHD .

###24812104
BACKGROUND	In our previous randomised controlled trial ( RCT ) , we have shown in preterm babies ( PBs ) < 30weeks gestation that CeasIng Cpap At standarD criteriA ( CICADA ( method 1 ) ) compared with cycling off continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) gradually ( method 2 ) or cycling off CPAP gradually with low flow air/oxygen during periods off CPAP ( method 3 ) reduces CPAP cessation time in PBs < 30weeks gestation .
METHODS	This retrospective study reviewed weight gain , time to reach full feeds and time to cease caffeine in PBs previously enrolled in the RCT .
RESULTS	Data were collected from 162 of the 177 PBs , and there was no significant difference in the projected weight gain between the three methods .
RESULTS	Based on intention to treat , the time taken to reach full feeds for all three methods showed no significant difference .
RESULTS	However , post hoc analysis showed the CICADA method compared with cycling off gradually just failed significance ( 30.31.6 vs 31.12.4 ( weeks corrected gestational age ( Wks CGASD ) ) , p = 0.077 ) .
RESULTS	Analysis of time to cease caffeine showed there was a significant difference between the methods with PBs randomised to the CICADA method compared with the cycling off method ceasing caffeine almost a week earlier ( 33.62.4 vs 34.52.8 ( Wks CGASD ) , p = 0.02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This retrospective study provides evidence to substantiate the optimum method of ceasing CPAP ; the CICADA method , does not adversely affect weight gain , time to reach full feeds and may reduce time to cease caffeine in PBs < 30weeks gestation .

###25449504
BACKGROUND	The effect of intracoronary adenosine ( ADO ) on ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction ( STEMI ) size and adverse remodeling is not well established .
METHODS	In a double-blind trial , 201 patients with STEMI were randomized to receive percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) within 6 hours of symptom onset , 4.5 mg ADO or saline immediately prior to reperfusion .
METHODS	Primary end-point : percentage of total myocardial necrotic mass by cardiac magnetic resonance ( CMR ) 2-7 days post-reperfusion .
METHODS	Secondary end-points : changes in left ventricular volumes and ejection fraction ( LVEF ) at baseline and at 6 months .
RESULTS	Baseline CMR could not be performed in 20 patients .
RESULTS	Overall , no significant differences were observed between ADO and placebo regarding infarct size ( 20.8 % vs. 22.5 % ; p = 0.40 ) .
RESULTS	However , infarct size was significantly reduced ( 19.4 % vs. 25.7 % ; p for interaction = 0.031 ) in those with ischemia duration below the median ( 200 min ) .
RESULTS	CMR at 6 months , performed in 138 patients , did not show statistically significant differences between groups in the rate of LVEF increase ( 3.3 units ( SD 9.6 ) in ADO group vs. 1.5 units ( SD 9 ) in placebo group ; p = 0.25 ) .
RESULTS	In the subgroup analysis , among patients with ischemia time below 200 min , the increase in LVEF was slightly higher with ADO ( 3.59 % vs. 0.43 % ; p for interaction = 0.06 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Although our study failed to demonstrate that intracoronary administration of ADO prior to PCI limits infarct size , in patients receiving early PCI ADO might enhance myocardial salvage and has a favorable effect on LVEF evolution , which may help to reconcile apparently contradictory results of previous studies .
BACKGROUND	http://clinicaltrials.gov ( NCT00781404 ) .

###25188501
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate aripiprazole once-monthly ( AOM ) , a long-acting injectable suspension of aripiprazole , as acute treatment in patients with schizophrenia ( DSM-IV-TR ) .
METHODS	Adults experiencing an acute psychotic episode were randomized to 12 weeks of double-blind treatment with AOM 400 mg or placebo ( October 2012-August 2013 ) .
METHODS	The primary efficacy outcome was change from baseline to endpoint ( week 10 ) in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale ( PANSS ) total score .
METHODS	The key secondary efficacy outcome was change from baseline in Clinical Global Impressions-Severity of Illness scale ( CGI-S ) score .
METHODS	Secondary efficacy outcomes included change from baseline in PANSS positive and negative subscale and Personal and Social Performance Scale ( PSP ) scores .
METHODS	The study took place from October 2012 through August 2013 .
RESULTS	Patients ( N = 340 ; 79 % male , 66 % black ) were randomized to AOM ( n = 168 ) or placebo ( n = 172 ) .
RESULTS	Least squares ( LS ) mean change from baseline to endpoint ( week 10 ) favored AOM versus placebo in PANSS total ( treatment difference , -15.1 [ 95 % CI , -19.4 to -10.8 ] ; P < .0001 ) and CGI-S ( treatment difference , -0.8 [ 95 % CI , -1.1 to -0.6 ] ; P < .0001 ) scores , as it did at all other timepoints through 12 weeks ( all P .0005 ) .
RESULTS	LS mean change from baseline in PANSS positive and negative subscale and PSP scores favored AOM versus placebo ( P < .0001 ) .
RESULTS	Common ( > 10 % ) treatment-emergent adverse events ( AOM vs. placebo ) were increased weight ( 16.8 % vs 7.0 % ) , headache ( 14.4 % vs. 16.3 % ) , and akathisia ( 11.4 % vs 3.5 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Symptoms and functioning improved with AOM 400 mg versus placebo in patients with acute schizophrenia , with acceptable safety and tolerability .
CONCLUSIONS	These data suggest that AOM 400 mg is a viable treatment option for patients experiencing an acute schizophrenia episode .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01663532 .

###25706053
OBJECTIVE	This study investigated the short-term effects of Kinesio taping ( KT ) on various types of pain , active range of motion ( AROM ) , and proprioception in patients with knee osteoarthritis .
METHODS	Forty-six older participants ( mean [ SD ] , 57.9 [ 4.4 ] yrs ) with osteoarthritis were randomly allocated to two groups : the KT group or the placebo-KT group .
METHODS	Taping with tension ( KT application ) or without tension ( placebo-KT application ) was applied to the quadriceps of the participants in both groups .
METHODS	Before and after intervention , pain intensity was measured using a visual analog scale at rest and during walking , and pressure pain thresholds ( PPTs ) were assessed using an algometer in the quadriceps and the tibialis anterior .
METHODS	In addition , pain-free AROM and proprioception were measured .
RESULTS	The KT group showed attenuation of pain during walking ( effect size [ ES ] , 1.97 ) , PPT in the quadriceps ( ES , 2.58 ) , and PPT in the tibialis anterior ( ES , 2.45 ) .
RESULTS	This group also showed significantly improved AROM ( ES , 2.01 ) and proprioception ( ES , 1.73-1 .89 ; P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	However , the placebo-KT group did not show significant changes in pain , AROM , or proprioception .
RESULTS	There were significant differences between the two groups in pain during walking and PPT .
RESULTS	In addition , pain during walking showed a significant correlation with AROM and proprioception , and a significant correlation was found between PPT and AROM .
CONCLUSIONS	These results demonstrated that KT application with proper tension to the quadriceps effectively attenuates various types of pain and improves AROM and proprioception in osteoarthritis patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , KT may be a suitable intervention to improve pain , AROM , and proprioception in patients with osteoarthritis in clinics .

###24804879
OBJECTIVE	The literature on the relationship of depressive symptoms and stress hormones after cancer diagnosis has been mixed , with some studies showing a relationship and other studies showing none .
OBJECTIVE	Time since diagnosis may explain these contradictory findings .
OBJECTIVE	This study examined the relationship of depressive symptoms to stress hormones in patients with breast cancer using 12-month longitudinal data .
METHODS	Patients with Stage II or III breast cancer ( n = 227 ) were assessed every 4 months from diagnosis/surgery to 12 months .
METHODS	They completed the Centers for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale ( CES-D ) Iowa Short Form and the Perceived Stress Scale and blood samples were obtained to measure stress hormones ( i.e. , cortisol , adrenocorticotropin hormone , norepinephrine , and epinephrine ) .
RESULTS	Depressive symptoms were negatively related to cortisol levels ( = -0.023 , p = .002 ) but were positively related to rate of change in cortisol ( = 0.003 , p = .003 ) .
RESULTS	Adrenocorticotropin hormone , epinephrine , and norepinephrine did not covary with depressive symptoms ( all p values > .05 ) .
RESULTS	When the CES-D and Perceived Stress Scale were both used to predict cortisol , only the CES-D was significantly related ( = -0.025 , p = .017 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Depressive symptoms were negatively related to cortisol , but this relationship changed from the time of diagnosis/surgery through 12 months .
CONCLUSIONS	Cortisol may initially provide a buffering effect against depression during the stress of initial diagnosis and treatment , but this relationship seems to change over time .

###25464505
BACKGROUND	Hematologic reference values vary by ethnicity .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to determine reference values of hemoglobin ( Hb ) for Korean adolescents .
METHODS	Using data from the 5th Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( KNHANES ) , we obtained reference values for Hb in adolescents aged 10-20 years .
RESULTS	Among 2,526 subjects recruited , 330 were excluded due to chronic diseases ( 9 congenital heart disease , 6 epilepsy , and 1 thyroid disease ) or abnormal laboratory values ( 253 subjects with Fe/TIBC < 16 % , 103 subjects with MCV < 80fl ) .
RESULTS	Accordingly , data from 2,196 subjects ( male = 1,196 and female = 1,000 ) were analyzed and age - and gender-stratified means and percentile values of Hb were obtained .
RESULTS	Pertinent findings observed in the current study were : ( i ) Hb levels in Korean male were similar to those of non-Hispanic Caucasians ; ( ii ) Hb values in females were similar to those of non-Hispanic Caucasians until age of 15 , and thereafter were slightly lower .
RESULTS	Prevalence of anemia according to WHO criteria and our own criteria ( Hb levels < 2 standard deviations of age - and gender-specific values ) in total sample was 3.5 % ( 88/2 ,526 ) and 3.8 % ( 97/2 ,526 ) , respectively .
RESULTS	Anemia was more prevalent in female in comparison with male ( 6.5 % vs. 1.0 % , P < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results could be used as a national reference standard to correctly classify a large population sample .
CONCLUSIONS	Further studies are necessary to determine reference Hb values for children younger than 10 years and identify genetic variations associated with distinctive characteristics observed in this study .

###24814566
BACKGROUND	Most tobacco smokers who wish to quit fail to reach their goal .
BACKGROUND	One important , insufficiently emphasized aspect of addiction relates to the decision-making system , often characterized by dysfunctional cognitive control and a powerful drive for reward .
BACKGROUND	Recent proof-of-principle studies indicate that transcranial direct current stimulation ( tDCS ) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex ( DLPFC ) can transiently modulate processes involved in decision-making , and reduce substance intake and craving for various addictions .
BACKGROUND	We previously proposed that this beneficial effect of stimulation for reducing addictive behaviors is in part mediated by more reflective decision-making .
BACKGROUND	The goal of this study was to test whether nicotine intake and decision-making behaviors are modulated by tDCS over the DLPFC in tobacco smokers who wished to quit smoking .
METHODS	Subjects received two five-day tDCS regimens ( active or sham ) .
METHODS	Stimulation was delivered over the right DLPFC at a 2 mA during 30 min .
METHODS	Nicotine cravings , cigarette consumption and decision-making were assessed before and after each session .
RESULTS	Main findings include a significant decrease in the number of cigarettes smoked when participants received active as compared to sham stimulation .
RESULTS	This effect lasted up to four days after the end of the stimulation regimen .
RESULTS	In regards to decision-making , smokers rejected more often offers of cigarettes , but not offers of money , after they received active as compared to sham stimulation at the Ultimatum Game .
RESULTS	No significant change was observed at the Risk Task with cigarettes or money as rewards .
CONCLUSIONS	Overall , these findings suggest that tDCS over the DLPFC may be beneficial for smoking reduction and induce reward sensitive effects .

###25293728
BACKGROUND	Previous studies showed that noncoplanar intensity-modulated radiotherapy ( NC-IMRT ) for sinonasal cancer is superior to coplanar intensity-modulated radiotherapy ( IMRT ) .
BACKGROUND	Volumetric-modulated arc therapy ( VMAT ) is a newly introduced treatment modality , and the performance of noncoplanar VMAT for sinonasal cancer has not been well described to date .
OBJECTIVE	To compare the dosimetry difference of noncoplanar VMAT ( NC-VMAT ) , coplanar VMAT ( co-VMAT ) , and NC-IMRT for sinonasal cancer .
METHODS	Ten postoperative patients with sinonasal cancer were randomly selected for planning with NC-VMAT , co-VMAT , and NC-IMRT .
METHODS	Two planning target volumes ( PTVs ) were contoured representing high-risk and low-risk regions set to receive a median absorbed dose ( D50 % ) of 68 Gy and 59 Gy , respectively .
METHODS	The homogeneity index ( HI ) , conformity index ( CI ) , dose-volume histograms ( DVHs ) , and delivery efficiency were all evaluated .
RESULTS	Both NC-VMAT and co-VMAT showed superior dose homogeneity and conformity in PTVs compared with NC-IMRT .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference between NC-VMAT and co-VMAT in PTV coverage .
RESULTS	Both VMAT plans provided a better protection for organs at risk ( OARs ) than NC-IMRT plans , and NC-VMAT showed a small improvement over co-VMAT in sparing of OARs .
RESULTS	For peripheral doses , the doses to breast , thyroid , and larynx in the NC-IMRT plans were significantly higher than those in both VMAT plans .
RESULTS	Compared to NC-VMAT , co-VMAT significantly reduced peripheral doses .
RESULTS	NC-VMAT and co-VMAT reduced the average delivery time by 63.2 and 64.2 % , respectively , in comparison with NC-IMRT .
RESULTS	No differences in delivery efficiency were observed between the two VMAT plans .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared to NC-VMAT , co-VMAT showed similar PTV coverage and comparable OAR sparing but significantly reduced peripheral doses and positioning uncertainty .
CONCLUSIONS	We propose to give priority to coplanar VMAT in the treatment of sinonasal cancer .

###26102252
OBJECTIVE	There are no current pharmacological therapies for the prevention or treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome .
OBJECTIVE	Early dysregulated inflammation likely plays a role in acute respiratory distress syndrome development and possibly acute respiratory distress syndrome outcomes .
OBJECTIVE	p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase is central to the regulation of multiple inflammatory mediators implicated in acute organ dysfunction and is the target for a novel class of cytokine-suppressive anti-inflammatory drugs .
OBJECTIVE	In preclinical models , p38 inhibitors reduce lung injury following pancreatitis and burn injury .
METHODS	We conducted a phase IIa , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of dilmapimod , a novel p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor , in patients at risk for developing acute respiratory distress syndrome admitted with an Injury Severity Score more than 16 , excluding head trauma .
METHODS	Enrolled patients received 4 - or 24-hour IV dilmapimod infusions at different doses or placebo , daily for 3 days , in four separate cohorts .
METHODS	Multicenter randomized clinical trial of large , academic trauma centers .
RESULTS	Seventy-seven patients were enrolled .
RESULTS	Although adverse events were common in this critically ill population , dilmapimod was well tolerated , with no clinically relevant safety findings .
RESULTS	Pharmacokinetic models indicated that the higher dose of 10mg given as continuous infusion over 24 hours had the most favorable plasma concentration profile .
RESULTS	Likewise , measures of soluble inflammatory markers including interleukin-6 , C-reactive peptide , interleukin-8 , and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 were most different between this dosing arm and placebo .
RESULTS	Although the study was not specifically designed with acute respiratory distress syndrome as an outcome , the number of patients who developed acute respiratory distress syndrome was small ( 2/77 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The novel p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor dilmapimod appears well tolerated and may merit further evaluation for prevention of acute respiratory distress syndrome and other organ injury in larger clinical trials .
CONCLUSIONS	Furthermore , results of this early-phase trial may aid in design of future studies aimed at prevention of acute respiratory distress syndrome and other organ injury .

###24917588
OBJECTIVE	To compare the effectiveness of two procedures increasing the botulinum toxin type A effect for wrist and finger flexor spasticity after stroke .
METHODS	A single-blind randomized trial .
METHODS	Seventy patients with upper limb post-stroke spasticity .
METHODS	Adults with wrist and finger flexor muscles spasticity after stroke were submitted to botulinum toxin type A therapy .
METHODS	After the treatment , the subjects injected were randomly divided into two groups and submitted to adhesive taping ( Group A ) or daily muscle manual stretching , passive articular mobilization of wrist and fingers , and palmar splint ( Group B ) for 10 days .
METHODS	We measured spasticity with Modified Ashworth Scale , related disability with Disability Assessment Scale , and fingers position at rest .
METHODS	The measurements were done at baseline , after two weeks , and after one month from the treatment session .
RESULTS	After two weeks , subjects in Group A reported a significantly greater decrease in spasticity scores ( Modified Ashworth Scale fingers : mean ( standard deviation ) 1.30.6 vs. 2.10.6 ; Modified Ashworth Scale wrist : 1.7 0.6 vs. 2.3 0.8 ) , and after one month in spasticity and disability scores ( Modified Ashworth Scale fingers : mean ( standard deviation ) 1.9 0.7 vs. 2.5 0.6 ; Modified Ashworth Scale wrist : 2.0 0.7 vs. 2.6 0.6 ; Disability Assessment Scale : 1.6 0.7 vs. 2.1 0.7 ) compared with Group B subjects .
RESULTS	Subjects in Group A reported also a significantly improved fingers position at rest compared with Group B subjects after two weeks ( 2.8 0.9 vs. 2.1 0.7 ) and one month ( 2.3 0.7 vs. 1.5 0.6 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Adhesive taping of wrist and finger flexor muscles appeared to enhance the effect of botulinum toxin type A therapy more than daily manual muscle stretching combined with passive articular mobilization and palmar splint .

###24645833
BACKGROUND	Research has shown that 6h after breeding is a critical time during the uterine innate immune response , and the failure to respond appropriately will result in persistent breeding-induced endometritis .
BACKGROUND	This presents a potential opportunity to modulate the course of inflammation towards a timely resolution .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effects of immune modulation on endometrial mRNA expression of inflammatory genes in susceptible mares 6h after breeding .
OBJECTIVE	The hypothesis was that immune modulation alters endometrial cytokine expression in susceptible mares .
METHODS	A randomised controlled study to evaluate the effects of mycobacterial cell wall extract and dexamethasone on endometrial gene expression after insemination in 6 mares susceptible to persistent breeding-induced endometritis .
METHODS	Six susceptible mares were selected based on their uterine inflammatory response to insemination .
METHODS	Mares were inseminated during 3 oestrous cycles with 1 10 ( 9 ) nonviable spermatozoa and 1 ) no additional treatment ( control ) , or in combination with 2 ) dexamethasone ( 50mg i.v. ) at the time of insemination , or 3 ) with mycobacterial cell wall extract ( 1.5 ml i.v. ) administered 24h prior to insemination .
METHODS	Mares received one treatment per cycle in randomised order , and each mare served as her own control .
METHODS	Endometrial biopsies were collected 6h after breeding , and quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis for interleukin ( IL ) 1 , IL6 , interferon , IL10 and IL1RA was performed .
METHODS	Relative quantification values reported fold changes in mRNA expression from the control .
METHODS	Data were analysed using an ANOVA and significance was set at P < 0.05 .
RESULTS	Expression of IL1 mRNA was lower after treatment with dexamethasone ( P < 0.001 ) and mycobacterial cell wall extract ( P < 0.05 ) when compared with control .
RESULTS	No differences were detected in the mRNA expression of the other cytokines after any of the treatments .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment with immune modulators alters endometrial mRNA expression of IL1 after insemination .
CONCLUSIONS	A better understanding of the mechanisms of immune modulation in the equine uterus can help to improve treatments for persistent breeding-induced endometritis .

###25376972
OBJECTIVE	Total knee arthroplasty ( TKA ) is often associated with severe pain .
OBJECTIVE	Different regional anesthetic techniques exist , all with varying degrees of motor blockade .
OBJECTIVE	We hypothesized that pain relief provided by the adductor canal block ( ACB ) could increase functional muscle strength .
METHODS	We included 50 TKA patients with severe movement-related pain ; defined as having visual analog scale pain score of greater than 60 mm during active flexion of the knee .
METHODS	The ACB group received an ACB with ropivacaine 0.2 % 30 mL and a femoral nerve block ( FNB ) with 30 mL saline .
METHODS	The FNB group received an ACB with 30 mL saline and an FNB with ropivacaine 0.2 % 30 mL .
METHODS	We compared the effect of the ACB versus FNB on maximum voluntary isometric contraction of the quadriceps muscle relative to a postoperative baseline value .
METHODS	Secondary end points were differences between groups in ability to ambulate and changes in pain scores ( Clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT01922596 ) .
RESULTS	After block , the quadriceps maximum voluntary isometric contraction increased to 193 % ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 143-288 ) of the baseline value in the ACB group and decreased to 16 % ( 95 % CI , 3-33 ) in the FNB group with an estimated difference of 178 % ( 95 % CI , 136-226 ) , P < 0.0001 .
RESULTS	Pain scores were similar between groups .
RESULTS	Before block , 2 of 25 patients in each group were unable to perform the Timed-Up-and-Go test ; after block , this number increased to 7 of 25 in the FNB group and decreased to 0 of 25 in the ACB group .
CONCLUSIONS	Adductor canal block provides a clinically relevant and statistically significant increase in quadriceps muscle strength for patients in severe pain after TKA .

###24754066
OBJECTIVE	To make a comprehensive evaluation of the efficiency of eradication therapy in patients with coronary heart disease ( CHD ) concurrent with peptic ulcer disease ( PUD ) .
METHODS	The results of treatment were studied in 112 patients with CHD concurrent with PUD who were randomized into 3 groups : 1 ) adequate eradication therapy during treatment for CHD ; 2 ) antisecretory therapy ; 3 ) treatment for CHD only .
METHODS	The trend in the clinical symptoms of the diseases and the results of an exercise test were assessed .
RESULTS	After eradication therapy , Group 1 patients displayed a reduction in the frequency of angina attacks by 62.6 % and weekly nitroglycerin needs by 70.4 % and an increase in exercise tolerance by 45.3 % .
RESULTS	In Group 2 patients on antisecretory therapy , the similar indicators changed by 30.7 , 21.2 , and 26.5 % , respectively .
RESULTS	Group 3 patients showed no significant change in the study indicators .
CONCLUSIONS	The findings suggest that eradication therapy has a positive impact on the course of CHD , which manifests itself as an antianginal effect and hence a change in the clinical picture .

###24317850
OBJECTIVE	This paper examines the relationship between race , religiousness , spiritual well-being , antitumor treatment and preference for aggressive care among Black and White patients with advanced stage lung cancer receiving ambulatory cancer care in an urban setting .
METHODS	A cross-sectional exploration of patients enrolled in a Cleveland-based longitudinal study after initial diagnosis of advanced lung cancer were interviewed in Cleveland regarding religiousness , spiritual well-being , preferences for cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) , goals of aggressive care , and willingness to tolerate adverse health states .
METHODS	Receipt of antitumor treatment was identified from medical records .
RESULTS	We analyzed data from 67 Black and 129 White patients ( N = 196 ) .
RESULTS	Regression analysis for CPR showed that race was not associated with preference for CPR ( OR = 1.12 , CI 0.44-2 .85 ) .
RESULTS	The odds of choosing CPR were three times higher among patients receiving antitumor treatment ( OR = 3.26 , CI 1.12-9 .44 ) .
RESULTS	Greater willingness to endure adverse health states was associated with higher spiritual well-being scores ( b = 0.12 , CI 0.01-0 .25 ) .
RESULTS	Choosing goals to extend life versus relieve pain was higher among persons with higher spiritual well-being as well ( RRR = 1.08 , CI 1.01-1 .16 ) , yet the relationship with religiousness was negative ( RRR = 0.46 , CI 0.22-0 .98 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	After controlling for multiple factors , race was associated only with CPR , but not with other measures of preference for aggressive care .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , receipt of active antitumor treatment was positively associated with preference for CPR and spiritual well-being was important to setting end-of-life care goals and perspectives .
CONCLUSIONS	Future directions for tailoring end-of-life care decision-making initiatives should move beyond race and discussions of CPR alone and focus on a full spectrum of patient beliefs and preferences at the end of life .

###24708696
BACKGROUND	Continuous intraperitoneal insulin infusion ( CIPII ) with an implantable pump is a treatment option for patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus ( T1DM ) .
BACKGROUND	Aim of the present study was to describe the long-term course of glycaemic control , complications , health related quality of life ( HRQOL ) and treatment satisfaction among T1DM patients treated with CIPII .
METHODS	Nineteen patients that participated in a randomized cross-over trial comparing CIPII and subcutaneous ( SC ) therapy in 2006 were followed until 2012 .
METHODS	Laboratory , continuous glucose monitoring , HRQOL and treatment satisfaction measurements were performed at the start of the study , the end of the SC - , the end of the CIPII treatment phase in 2006 and during CIPII therapy in 2012 .
METHODS	Linear mixed models were used to calculate estimated values and to test differences between the moments in time .
RESULTS	In 2012 , more time was spent in hyperglycaemia than after the CIPII treatment phase in 2006 : 37 % ( 95 % CI 29 , 44 ) vs. 55 % ( 95 % CI 48 , 63 ) , mean difference 19.8 % ( 95 % CI 3.0 , 36.6 ) .
RESULTS	HbA1c was 65mmol/mol ( 95 % CI 60 , 71 ) at the end of the SC treatment phase in 2006 , 58mmol/mol ( 95 % CI 53 , 64 ) at the end of the CIPII treatment phase and 65mmol/mol ( 95 % CI 60 , 71 ) in 2012 , respectively ( p > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	In 2012 , the median number of grade 2 hypoglycaemic events per week ( 1 ( 95 % CI 0 , 2 ) ) was still significantly lower than during prior SC therapy ( 3 ( 95 % CI 2 , 4 ) ) : mean change -1.8 ( 95 % CI -3.4 , -0.4 ) .
RESULTS	Treatment satisfaction with CIPII was better than with SC insulin therapy and HRQOL remained stable .
RESULTS	Pump or catheter dysfunction of the necessitated re-operation in 7 patients .
RESULTS	No mortality was reported .
CONCLUSIONS	After 6years of CIPII treatment , glycaemic regulation is stable and the number of hypoglycaemic events decreased compared to SC insulin therapy .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment satisfaction with CIPII is superior to SC insulin therapy , HRQOL is stable and complications are scarce .
CONCLUSIONS	CIPII is a safe and effective treatment option for selected patients with T1DM , also on longer term .

###24758245
BACKGROUND	Atelectasis is common during and after general anaesthesia .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesized that a ventilation strategy , without recruitment manoeuvres , using a combination of continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) or positive end-expiratory pressure ( PEEP ) and a reduced end-expiratory oxygen fraction ( FETO2 ) before ending mask ventilation with CPAP after extubation would reduce the area of postoperative atelectasis .
METHODS	Thirty patients were randomized into three groups .
METHODS	During induction and emergence , inspiratory oxygen fractions ( FIO2 ) were 1.0 in the control group and 1.0 or 0.8 in the intervention groups .
METHODS	No CPAP/PEEP was used in the control group , whereas CPAP/PEEP of 6 cmH2O was used in the intervention groups .
METHODS	After extubation , FIO2 was set to 0.30 in the intervention groups and CPAP was applied , aiming at FETO2 < 0.30 .
METHODS	Atelectasis was studied by computed tomography 25 min postoperatively .
RESULTS	The median area of atelectasis was 5.2 cm ( 2 ) ( range 1.6-12 .2 cm ( 2 ) ) and 8.5 cm ( 2 ) ( 3-23 .1 cm ( 2 ) ) in the groups given FIO2 1.0 with or without CPAP/PEEP , respectively .
RESULTS	After correction for body mass index the difference between medians ( 2.9 cm ( 2 ) ) was statistically significant ( confidence interval 0.2-7 .6 cm ( 2 ) , p = 0.04 ) .
RESULTS	In the group given FIO2 0.8 , in which seven patients were ex - or current smokers , the median area of atelectasis was 8.2 cm ( 2 ) ( 1.8-14 .7 cm ( 2 ) ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with conventional ventilation , after correction for obesity , this ventilation strategy reduced the area of postoperative atelectasis in one of the intervention groups but not in the other group , which included a higher proportion of smokers .

###24330570
BACKGROUND	Androgen deprivation therapy ( ADT ) is a cornerstone in the treatment of advanced prostate cancer .
BACKGROUND	Adverse musculoskeletal and cardiovascular effects of ADT are widely reported and investigations into the potential of exercise to ameliorate the effects of treatment are warranted .
BACKGROUND	The ` Football Club ( FC ) Prostate ' study is a randomized trial comparing the effects of soccer training with standard treatment approaches on body composition , cardiovascular function , physical function parameters , glucose tolerance , bone health , and patient-reported outcomes in men undergoing ADT for prostate cancer .
METHODS	Using a single-center randomized controlled design , 80 men with histologically confirmed locally advanced or disseminated prostate cancer undergoing ADT for 6months or more at The Copenhagen University Hospital will be enrolled on this trial .
METHODS	After baseline assessments eligible participants will be randomly assigned to a soccer training group or a control group receiving usual care .
METHODS	The soccer intervention will consist of 12weeks of training 2-3 times/week for 45-60min after which the assessment protocol will be repeated .
METHODS	Soccer training will then continue bi-weekly for an additional 20weeks at the end of which all measures will be repeated to allow for additional analyses of long-term effects .
METHODS	The primary endpoint is changes in lean body mass from baseline to 12weeks assessed by dual X-ray absorptiometry scan .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints include changes of cardiovascular , metabolic , and physical function parameters , as well as markers of bone metabolism and patient-reported outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	The FC Prostate trial will assess the safety and efficacy of a novel soccer-training approach to cancer rehabilitation on a number of clinically important health outcomes in men with advanced prostate cancer during ADT .
CONCLUSIONS	The results may pave the way for innovative , community-based interventions in the approach to treating prostate cancer .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01711892 .

###24890138
OBJECTIVE	Thiazolidinediones reduce ectopic fat , increase adiponectin and reduce inflammatory adipokines , fatty acids and glucose in people with Type 2 diabetes .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to measure these effects in people with impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance .
METHODS	After approximately 3.5 years of exposure to rosiglitazone 8 mg ( n = 88 ) or placebo ( n = 102 ) , 190 DREAM trial participants underwent abdominal computed tomography and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scans .
METHODS	Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue areas , estimated hepatic fat content , total fat and lean mass were calculated and changes in levels of fasting adipokines , free fatty acids , glucose and post-load glucose were assessed .
RESULTS	Compared with the placebo , participants on rosiglitazone had no difference in lean mass , had 4.1 kg more body fat ( P < 0.0001 ) and 31 cm ( 2 ) more subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue area ( P = 0.007 ) .
RESULTS	Only after adjusting for total fat , participants on rosiglitazone had 23 cm less visceral adipose tissue area ( P = 0.01 ) and an 0.08-unit higher liver : spleen attenuation ratio ( i.e. less hepatic fat ; P = 0.02 ) than those on the placebo .
RESULTS	Adiponectin increased by 15.0 g/ml with rosiglitazone and by 0.4 g/ml with placebo ( P < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	Rosiglitazone 's effect on fat distribution was not independent of changes in adiponectin .
RESULTS	Rosiglitazone 's effects on fasting ( -0.36 mmol/l ; P = 0.0004 ) and 2-h post-load glucose ( -1.21 mmol/l ; P = 0.0008 ) were not affected by adjustment for fat distribution or changes in adiponectin or free fatty acids .
CONCLUSIONS	In people with impaired fasting glucose/impaired glucose tolerance , rosiglitazone is associated with relatively less hepatic and visceral fat , increased subcutaneous fat and increased adiponectin levels .
CONCLUSIONS	These effects do not appear to explain the glucose-lowering effect of rosiglitazone .

###24792011
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to compare the preperitoneal versus the preaponeurotic mesh positioning in open paraumbilical hernia repair .
METHODS	During the period from January 2011 until July 2012 , 60 adult patients were randomly assigned to two equal groups .
METHODS	The patients in group A were treated by preperitoneal mesh repair and those in group B underwent preaponeurotic mesh repair .
METHODS	Both groups were assessed and compared .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences between the two groups in the demographics , hernia characteristics , risk factors , type of anesthesia , American Society of Anesthesiologists score or the mean follow-up period .
RESULTS	The length of the operation was significantly shorter in group B than in group A ( P value = 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in the early postoperative complications except for the development of a seroma , which developed only in group B ( P value = 0.044 ) .
RESULTS	The postoperative pain was significantly lower in group A than in group B ( P value = 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	The time of return to normal daily activities was significantly shorter in group A than in group B ( P value = 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The preperitoneal mesh placement during the repair of paraumbilical hernias is superior to the preaponeurotic placement , because it is associated with fewer complications , less pain and a shorter time of return to normal daily activities .

###24853585
BACKGROUND	Subphenotypes have been identified within heterogeneous diseases such as asthma and breast cancer , with important therapeutic implications .
BACKGROUND	We assessed whether subphenotypes exist within acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ARDS ) , another heterogeneous disorder .
METHODS	We used data from two ARDS randomised controlled trials ( ARMA trial and ALVEOLI trial ) , sponsored by the National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute .
METHODS	We applied latent class modelling to identify subphenotypes using clinical and biological data .
METHODS	We modelled data from both studies independently .
METHODS	We then tested the association of subphenotypes with clinical outcomes in both cohorts and with the response to positive end-expiratory pressure ( PEEP ) in the ALVEOLI cohort .
RESULTS	We analysed data for 1022 patients : 473 in the ARMA cohort and 549 in the ALVEOLI cohort .
RESULTS	Independent latent class models indicated that a two-class ( ie , two subphenotype ) model was the best fit for both cohorts .
RESULTS	In both cohorts , we identified a hyperinflammatory subphenotype ( phenotype 2 ) that was characterised by higher plasma concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers , a higher prevalence of vasopressor use , lower serum bicarbonate concentrations , and a higher prevalence of sepsis than phenotype 1 .
RESULTS	Participants in phenotype 2 had higher mortality and fewer ventilator-free days and organ failure-free days in both cohorts than did those in phenotype 1 ( p < 0007 for all ) .
RESULTS	In the ALVEOLI cohort , the effects of ventilation strategy ( high PEEP vs low PEEP ) on mortality , ventilator-free days and organ failure-free days differed by phenotype ( p = 0049 for mortality , p = 0018 for ventilator-free days , p = 0003 for organ-failure-free days ) .
CONCLUSIONS	We have identified two subphenotypes within ARDS , one of which is categorised by more severe inflammation , shock , and metabolic acidosis and by worse clinical outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	Response to treatment in a randomised trial of PEEP strategies differed on the basis of subphenotype .
CONCLUSIONS	Identification of ARDS subphenotypes might be useful in selecting patients for future clinical trials .
BACKGROUND	National Institutes of Health .

###24852376
BACKGROUND	Influenza is an important cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide .
BACKGROUND	Treatment options are scarce , and new drugs with novel mechanisms of action are needed .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide , a thiazolide anti-infective , for treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza .
METHODS	We did a double-blind , randomised , placebo-controlled , phase 2b/3 trial in 74 primary care clinics in the USA between Dec 27 , 2010 , and April 30 , 2011 .
METHODS	We enrolled participants aged 12-65 years with fever , at least one respiratory symptom , and one constitutional symptom of influenza within 48 h of symptom onset .
METHODS	We randomly assigned participants to receive either nitazoxanide 600 mg , nitazoxanide 300 mg , or placebo twice daily for 5 days , ( ratio 1:1:1 ) and followed them up for 28 days .
METHODS	Randomisation lists were computer generated and done in blocks of three .
METHODS	Sponsor , investigators , study monitors , patients , and laboratory personnel were all masked to treatment allocation in the study .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the time from first dose to alleviation of symptoms .
METHODS	The primary analysis was by intention-to-treat for participants with influenza infection confirmed by RT-PCR or culture at baseline .
METHODS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01227421 .
RESULTS	Of 650 participants screened , 624 ( 96 % ) were enrolled .
RESULTS	Of these , 212 were randomly assigned to receive placebo twice a day , 201 to receive nitazoxanide 300 mg twice a day , and 211 to receive nitazoxanide 600 mg a day .
RESULTS	The median duration of symptoms for participants receiving placebo was 1167 h ( 95 % CI 1081-1221 ) compared with 955 h ( 840-1080 ; p = 00084 ) for those receiving 600 mg nitazoxanide and 1091 h ( 961-1295 , p = 052 ) for those receiving 300 mg nitazoxanide .
RESULTS	Adverse events were similar between the three groups , the most common being headache reported by 24 ( 11 % ) of 212 patients enrolled in placebo group , 12 ( 6 % ) of 201 patients in the low-dose group , and 17 ( 8 % ) of 211 patients in the high-dose group , or diarrhoea , reported by seven ( 3 % ) patients in the placebo group , four ( 2 % ) patients enrolled in the low-dose group , and 17 ( 8 % ) patients in the high-dose group .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment with nitazoxanide 600 mg twice daily for 5 days was associated with a reduction of the duration of symptoms in participants with acute uncomplicated influenza .
CONCLUSIONS	Further studies are warranted to confirm these findings and to assess efficacy of the drug alone or in combination with existing drugs in seriously ill patients and those at risk of influenza complications .
BACKGROUND	Romark Laboratories LC .

###24313583
OBJECTIVE	The effects on plaque parameters of sugar free chewing-gums ( CG ) sweetened with either maltitol or xylitol were assessed to better understand the role polyols can play in dental caries prevention .
METHODS	A double-blind , parallel , randomised , controlled study was conducted in China .
METHODS	Subjects ( N = 258 , age = 13 to 15 years-old ) were divided into 4 groups : 2 receiving polyols CG , containing respectively maltitol or xylitol , a group receiving gum base ( placebo ) and a negative control group not receiving any gum .
METHODS	CG were chewed for 30 days .
METHODS	This corresponds to a 10 g consumption of polyol per day .
METHODS	Plaque parameters ( growth , pH , bacteria and insoluble glucans ) were evaluated throughout the experimental period .
RESULTS	All parameters studied were significantly modified with gum base compared to no-gum : plaque pH increased ; plaque growth , bacteria ( S. mutans , S. sobrinus , A. viscosus and Lactobacillus ) and insoluble glucans decreased .
RESULTS	Maltitol and xylitol CG led similarly to a higher plaque pH ( AUC , p0 .05 ) on short ( at baseline after the first CG consumption ) and long term ( after 4 weeks of daily CG consumption ) , with or without saliva stimulation compared to both control and placebo groups .
RESULTS	They led to a decrease in plaque growth ( p = 0.02 ) over the experimental period compared to controls .
RESULTS	Moreover , they significantly reduced the concentration of 4 cariogenic bacteria species ( p0 .05 ) in dental plaque compared to gum base .
CONCLUSIONS	Sugar free CG sweetened with either maltitol or xylitol can similarly reduce plaque acidogenicity compared to gum base through a decrease in oral bacteria presence .
CONCLUSIONS	The use of a gum base placebo allowed to isolate effects on parameters involved in dental caries development specific to maltitol and xylitol , and to show these effects were similar .

###24795254
BACKGROUND	The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is increasing worldwide and an effective and safe pharmacological treatment is needed .
BACKGROUND	We investigated whether inhibition of 11-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 ( 11-HSD1 , also known as HSD11B1 ) by RO5093151 could safely and effectively decrease liver-fat content in patients with this disorder .
METHODS	We did this phase 1b trial at four centres in Germany and Austria .
METHODS	Participants with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( defined as ( 1 ) H magnetic resonance spectroscopy liver-fat content > 556 % ) , insulin resistance ( homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance [ HOMA-IR ] of at least 20 mmol/LmU/L ) , BMI greater than 27 kg/m ( 2 ) , and aged 35-65 years were randomly assigned by interactive voice response system in a 1:1 ratio , stratified for triglyceride concentration ( < 17 mmol/L or 17 mmol/L ) , to oral RO5093151 ( 200 mg twice daily ) or matching placebo for 12 weeks .
METHODS	The main exclusion criteria were other liver diseases , aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase concentrations of more than two and a half times the upper limit of normal , history of diabetes or bariatric surgery , and use of weight lowering drugs .
METHODS	Participants and investigators were masked to assignment throughout the study .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was change in liver-fat content from baseline to week 12 .
METHODS	Efficacy analysis was by modified intention to treat , including all patients who received at least one dose of study drug and had a baseline and follow-up measurement of liver-fat content .
METHODS	Safety analyses included all patients who received at least one dose of study drug .
METHODS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01277094 .
RESULTS	We did this trial between Jan 13 , 2011 , and March 28 , 2012.41 patients were randomly assigned to RO5093151 and 41 to placebo .
RESULTS	35 patients in the RO5093151 group and 39 in the placebo group were included in the efficacy analysis .
RESULTS	Mean liver-fat content decreased in the RO5093151 group ( from 1675 % [ SD 867 ] to 1428 % [ 889 ] ) , but not in the placebo group ( from 1853 % [ 1000 ] to 1846 % [ 1078 ] , p = 002 for between group difference ) .
RESULTS	26 participants ( 65 % ) in the RO5093151 group had adverse events , compared with 21 ( 53 % ) in the placebo group .
RESULTS	The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal disorders ( 12 patients [ 30 % ] in the RO5093151 group vs seven [ 18 % ] in the placebo group ) , and infections and infestations ( eight [ 20 % ] vs nine [ 23 % ] ) .
RESULTS	Nervous system disorders occurred in significantly more patients in the RO5093151 group than in the placebo group ( nine [ 23 % ] vs two [ 5 % ] ; p = 002 ) ; all other differences in adverse events were non-significant .
RESULTS	One participant ( 3 % ) in the placebo group and three participants ( 8 % ) in the RO5093151 group had serious adverse events .
RESULTS	All serious adverse events were deemed unrelated to study treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	Inhibition of 11-HSD1 by RO5093151 was effective and safe in reducing liver-fat content , suggesting that targeting of 11-HSD1 might be a promising approach for the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease .
BACKGROUND	F Hoffmann-La Roche .

###24656645
BACKGROUND	Bone marrow mononuclear cell ( BMMC ) transplantation for heart failure has shown inconsistent therapeutic efficacy .
METHODS	We enrolled 104 ischemic heart failure patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass surgery ( CABG ) .
METHODS	After 4 - to 12-week pharmacotherapy optimization , 39 patients with left ventricular ejection fraction ( LVEF ) of 45 % received injections of BMMC or vehicle intra-operatively into the myocardial infarction border area in a randomized , double-blind manner .
RESULTS	The median number of cells injected was 8.4 10 ( 8 ) ( interquartile range [ IQR ] : 5.2 10 ( 8 ) to 13.5 10 ( 8 ) ) .
RESULTS	We measured LV function and myocardial scar size by magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , and viability by positron emission tomography ( PET ) and single-photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) , pre-operatively and after 1-year follow-up .
RESULTS	LVEF , the pre-defined primary end-point measure , improved by a median of 5.6 % in the control group ( IQR 0.2 to 10.1 ) and by 4.8 % in the BMMC group ( IQR -0.5 to 8.2 ) ( p = 0.59 ) .
RESULTS	Wall thickening in injected segments rose by a median of 4.5 % among controls ( IQR -18.1 to 23.9 ) and by 5.5 % in the BMMC group ( IQR -6.6 to 26.5 ) ( p = 0.68 ) .
RESULTS	Changes in viability by PET and SPECT did not differ between groups .
RESULTS	Myocardial scar size by MRI in injected segments rose by a median of 5.1 % among controls ( IQR -3.3 to 10.8 ) , but fell by 13.1 % in the BMMC group ( IQR -21.4 to -6.5 ) ( p = 0.0002 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	BMMC therapy combined with CABG failed to improve LV systolic function , or viability , despite reducing myocardial scar size .

###24901279
OBJECTIVE	To assess the efficacy of moxibustion ( heating of the acupuncture needle with an igniting charcoal moxa stick ) with acupuncture for version of breech presentations after 33 4/7 weeks of gestation to reduce their rate at 37 weeks of gestation and at delivery .
METHODS	This was a randomized placebo-controlled single-blind trial including 328 pregnant women recruited in a university hospital center between 33 4/7 and 35 4/7 weeks of gestation .
METHODS	Moxibustion with acupuncture or inactivated laser ( placebo ) treatment was applied to point BL 67 for six sessions .
METHODS	The principal endpoint was the percentage of fetuses in breech presentation at 37 2/7 weeks of gestation .
RESULTS	The study included 328 women randomized into two groups : moxibustion with acupuncture ( n = 164 ) or placebo ( n = 164 ) .
RESULTS	The percentage of fetuses in breech presentation at 37 2/7 weeks of gestation was not significantly different in both groups ( 72.0 in the moxibustion with acupuncture group compared with 63.4 % in the placebo group , relative risk 1.13 , 95 % confidence interval 0.98-1 .32 , P = .10 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment by moxibustion with acupuncture was not effective in correcting breech presentation in the third trimester of pregnancy .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov , www.clinicaltrials.gov , NCT01487590 .

###25901479
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effects of different dosing intervals on multiple-dose pharmacokinetics , and safety and tolerability of fentanyl pectin nasal spray ( FPNS ) .
METHODS	This was an open-label study in healthy volunteers .
METHODS	Five FPNS treatments ( 1 100 g ; 2 100 g at 4 - , 2 - , and 1-hour intervals , and 8 100 g consecutively ) were administered to the right nostril , with a 3-day washout period .
METHODS	Blood samples were collected at predose and up to 1,440 minutes postdose .
METHODS	Plasma fentanyl concentrations were determined .
METHODS	Pharmacokinetic parameters-peak concentration ( C ( max ) ) , time to C ( max ) ( t ( max ) ) , and area under the concentration-time curve ( AUC ) - were derived using noncompartmental method .
METHODS	For the two-dose regimens , pharmacokinetic parameters were compared between doses using a paired t-test with p < 0.05 as statistically significant .
RESULTS	Thirteen subjects were enrolled and 10 completed the study .
RESULTS	Median tmax was 10-15 minutes across five regimens .
RESULTS	Cmax post the second dose significantly increased for 1-hour ( p < 0.0001 ) and 2-hour ( p < 0.001 ) but not 4-hour intervals ( p = 0.462 ) .
RESULTS	C ( max ) and AUC ( 0-24 ) following 8 100 g were approximately fivefold of those following 1 100 g. Dizziness ( 11.9 percent ) and somnolence ( 4.9 percent ) were most common adverse events ( AEs ) .
RESULTS	12.9 percent of patients discontinued due to AEs .
CONCLUSIONS	FPNS exhibited consistently rapid t ( max ) .
CONCLUSIONS	When intervals between two doses were shorter , the difference in C ( max ) between the first and second dose was larger .
CONCLUSIONS	All regimens of FPNS were well tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	Exposure reached a plateau after eight consecutive doses , suggesting potential limited absorption through the nasal mucosa .

###25245591
BACKGROUND	Transcranial random noise stimulation ( tRNS ) is an innovative technique of non-invasive electrical stimulation .
BACKGROUND	tRNS over the parietal cortex has improved cognitive function in healthy controls and , applied to the auditory cortex , tRNS has shown beneficial effects on tinnitus .
OBJECTIVE	Here we aimed to investigate the effects of tRNS over the auditory cortex on resting state and evoked activity in healthy subjects .
METHODS	We used EEG to measure tRNS induced changes in resting state activity and in auditory steady state responses ( ASSRs ) .
METHODS	Stimuli were 1000 Hz carrier frequency tones , amplitude modulated at 20 Hz and 40 Hz and applied in randomized order .
METHODS	Fourteen subjects participated in a placebo-controlled randomized design study ; each received 20 min of tRNS applied over auditory cortices with 2 mA , with a one week interval between real and sham stimulation .
RESULTS	We found a significant increase in the ASSR in response to 40 Hz frequency modulated tone and a non-significant trend toward an increase in mean theta band power and variability of the theta band power for the resting state data .
CONCLUSIONS	Our finding of tRNS induced increased excitability in the auditory cortex parallels previous findings of tRNS effects on motor cortex excitability and is in line with current concepts of tRNS mechanisms such as increase of stochastic resonance .

###24509273
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was assess the effect of evolocumab ( AMG 145 ) on lipoprotein ( Lp ) ( a ) from a pooled analysis of 4 phase II trials .
BACKGROUND	Lp ( a ) , a low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) particle linked to the plasminogen-like glycoprotein apolipoprotein ( a ) , shows a consistent and independent positive association with cardiovascular disease risk in epidemiological studies .
BACKGROUND	Current therapeutic options to reduce Lp ( a ) are limited .
METHODS	A pooled analysis of data from 1,359 patients in 4 phase II trials assessed the effects of evolocumab , a fully human monoclonal antibody to PCSK9 , on Lp ( a ) , the relationship between Lp ( a ) and lowering of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) and apolipoprotein B , and the influence of background statin therapy .
METHODS	Lp ( a ) was measured using a standardized isoform-independent method .
RESULTS	Evolocumab treatment for 12 weeks resulted in significant ( p < 0.001 ) mean ( 95 % confidence interval ) dose-related reductions in Lp ( a ) compared to control : 29.5 % ( 23.3 % to 35.7 % ) and 24.5 % ( 20.4 % to 28.7 % ) with 140 mg and 420 mg , dosed every 2 and 4 weeks , respectively , with no plateau of effect .
RESULTS	Lp ( a ) reductions were significantly correlated with percentages of reductions in LDL-C ( Spearman correlation coefficient , 0.5134 ; p < 0.001 ) and apolipoprotein B ( Spearman correlation coefficient , 0.5203 ; p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Mean percentage reductions did not differ based on age or sex but the trend was greater in those patients taking statins .
CONCLUSIONS	Inhibition of PCSK9 with evolocumab resulted in significant dose-related reductions in Lp ( a ) .
CONCLUSIONS	While the mean percentage of reduction was significantly greater in those patients with baseline Lp ( a ) of 125 nmol/l , the absolute reduction was substantially larger in those with levels > 125 nmol/l .

###25192980
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to assess whether the combination of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ( rTMS ) and venlafaxine ( 150-225 mg/day ) is effective and safe for treatment-resistant unipolar depression ( TRD ) .
METHODS	In a multicenter ( 18 centers ) randomized double blind controlled trial with three arms , 170 patients were allocated to receive active rTMS combined with active venlafaxine ( n = 55 ) , active rTMS combined with placebo venlafaxine ( n = 60 ) or sham rTMS combined with active venlafaxine ( n = 55 ) .
METHODS	The patients received once daily sessions of active or sham 1 Hz rTMS applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex ( 360 pulses/day delivered at 120 % of the resting motor threshold ) for two to six weeks ; rTMS was combined with active or sham venlafaxine ( mean dose : 179.0 36.6 mg/day ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the number of patients who achieved remission , which was defined as an HDRS17 score < 8 .
RESULTS	We reported a similar significant antidepressant effect in the 3 groups ( P < 10 ( -6 ) ) , with a comparable delay of action and a comparable number of remitters at the endpoint ( 28 % in the combination group , 41 % in the rTMS group and 43 % in the venlafaxine group ; P = 0.59 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Low frequency rTMS appears to be as effective as venlafaxine and as effective as the combination of both treatments for TRD .
CONCLUSIONS	Because of its short session duration ( the duration of one session was 8.5 min ) and its safety , slow rTMS might be a useful alternative treatment for patients with TRD .

###25157647
BACKGROUND	Several clinical trials have demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of oral tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ( TDF ) , with or without emtricitabine ( FTC ) , as pre-exposure prophylaxis ( PrEP ) for reducing the risk of HIV acquisition .
BACKGROUND	Adherence to the study product was insufficient to demonstrate the effectiveness of FTC/TDF in 2 PrEP clinical trials conducted among women ( FEM-PrEP and the Vaginal and Oral Interventions to Control the Epidemic study ) , but further analyses of adherence in these studies may inform PrEP demonstration projects and future HIV prevention clinical trials .
METHODS	We randomly selected a subcohort of 150 participants randomized to FTC/TDF in 3 FEM-PrEP sites ( Bondo , Kenya ; Bloemfontein , South Africa ; and Pretoria , South Africa ) to examine adherence levels over time and to assess factors associated with adherence , based on plasma tenofovir and intracellular tenofovir diphosphate drug concentrations in specimens collected at 4-week visit intervals .
RESULTS	We observed drug concentrations consistent with good adherence in 28.5 % of all visit intervals when drug was available to use , but only 12 % of participants achieved good adherence throughout their study participation .
RESULTS	In multivariate analysis , the Bloemfontein site [ odds ratio ( OR ) : 2.43 ; 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) : 1.32 to 4.48 ] and liking the pill color ( OR : 2.93 ; 95 % CI : 1.18 to 7.27 ) were positively associated with good adherence , whereas using oral contraceptive pills at enrollment was negatively associated with good adherence ( OR : 0.37 ; 95 % CI : 0.18 to 0.74 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Most participants did not regularly adhere to the study product throughout their trial participation , although a small minority did .
CONCLUSIONS	Few factors associated with good adherence to the study product were identified in FEM-PrEP .

###25627150
METHODS	Randomized crossover laboratory study .
OBJECTIVE	To determine the effects of ankle destabilization devices on surface electromyography ( sEMG ) measures of selected lower extremity muscles during functional exercises in participants with chronic ankle instability .
BACKGROUND	Ankle destabilization devices are rehabilitation tools that can be worn as a boot or sandal to increase lower extremity muscle activation during walking in healthy individuals .
BACKGROUND	However , they have not been tested in a population with pathology .
METHODS	Fifteen adults with chronic ankle instability participated .
METHODS	Surface electromyography electrodes were located over the anterior tibialis , fibularis longus , lateral gastrocnemius , rectus femoris , biceps femoris , and gluteus medius .
METHODS	The activity level of these muscles was recorded in a single testing session during unipedal stance with eyes closed , the Star Excursion Balance Test , lateral hops , and treadmill walking .
METHODS	Each task was performed under 3 conditions : shod , ankle destabilization boot , and ankle destabilization sandal .
METHODS	Surface electromyography signal amplitudes were measured for each muscle during each exercise for all 3 conditions .
RESULTS	Participants demonstrated a significant increase , with moderate to large effect sizes , in sEMG signal amplitude of the fibularis longus in the ankle destabilization boot and ankle destabilization sandal conditions during the unipedal eyes-closed balance test , the Star Excursion Balance Test in the anterior and posteromedial directions , lateral hops , and walking , when compared to the shod condition .
RESULTS	Both devices also resulted in an increase in sEMG signal amplitudes , with large effect sizes of the lateral gastrocnemius , rectus femoris , biceps femoris , and gluteus medius during the unipedal-stance-with-eyes-closed test , compared to the shod condition .
CONCLUSIONS	Wearing ankle destabilization devices caused greater muscle activation during functional exercises in individuals with chronic ankle instability .
CONCLUSIONS	Based on the magnitude of the effect , there were consistent increases in fibularis longus sEMG amplitudes during the unipedal eyes-closed balance test , the Star Excursion Balance Test in the anterior and posteromedial directions , and pre-initial contact and post-initial contact during lateral hops and walking .

###25003980
BACKGROUND	Oxygen is commonly administered after extubation .
BACKGROUND	Although several devices are available , data about their clinical efficacy are scarce .
OBJECTIVE	To compare the effects of the Venturi mask and the nasal high-flow ( NHF ) therapy on PaO2/FiO2SET ratio after extubation .
OBJECTIVE	Secondary endpoints were to assess effects on patient discomfort , adverse events , and clinical outcomes .
METHODS	Randomized , controlled , open-label trial on 105 patients with a PaO2/FiO2 ratio less than or equal to 300 immediately before extubation .
METHODS	The Venturi mask ( n = 52 ) or NHF ( n = 53 ) were applied for 48 hours postextubation .
RESULTS	PaO2/FiO2SET , patient discomfort caused by the interface and by symptoms of airways dryness ( on a 10-point numerical rating scale ) , interface displacements , oxygen desaturations , need for ventilator support , and reintubation were assessed up to 48 hours after extubation .
RESULTS	From the 24th hour , PaO2/FiO2SET was higher with the NHF ( 287 74 vs. 247 81 at 24 h ; P = 0.03 ) .
RESULTS	Discomfort related both to the interface and to airways dryness was better with NHF ( respectively , 2.6 2.2 vs. 5.1 3.3 at 24 h , P = 0.006 ; 2.2 1.8 vs. 3.7 2.4 at 24 h , P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	Fewer patients had interface displacements ( 32 % vs. 56 % ; P = 0.01 ) , oxygen desaturations ( 40 % vs. 75 % ; P < 0.001 ) , required reintubation ( 4 % vs. 21 % ; P = 0.01 ) , or any form of ventilator support ( 7 % vs. 35 % ; P < 0.001 ) in the NHF group .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with the Venturi mask , NHF results in better oxygenation for the same set FiO2 after extubation .
CONCLUSIONS	Use of NHF is associated with better comfort , fewer desaturations and interface displacements , and a lower reintubation rate .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov ( NCT 01575353 ) .

###24490521
OBJECTIVE	To analysis the clinical characteristics of children with cough variation asthma ( CVA ) who received treatments with Carboxymethl starch sodium solution and inhaled Glucocorticoid budesonide .
METHODS	A total of 96 children with CVA were divided into two group randomly .
METHODS	The control group ( n = 49 ) received inhaled budesonide treatment ( 500 microg/times in 1-5 years old children , 1 mg/times and 2 times/day in 6-14 years old children over a 12 week period ) .
METHODS	The children in treatment group ( n = 47 ) were given carboxymethl starch sodium solution ( 3 mL/times in 1-3 years old children , 5 mL/times in 4-7 years old children , 7 mL/times in 8-14 years old children , 3 times/day ) in addition to the inhaled budesonide treatment .
METHODS	Observations were made on clinical therapeutic effects , cough score and the level of IgE 4 weeks , 8 weeks and 12 weeks after the treatments , respectively .
METHODS	Recurrence rate and adverse reactions were investigated .
RESULTS	Compared with the control group , the treatment group had significantly improved clinical characteristics after 8 weeks and 12 weeks of treatments ( P < 0.05 ) , and reduced cough scores after 4 weeks , 8 weeks and 12 weeks of treatments ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The IgE level of the children in the treatment group was significantly lower than the controls after 12 weeks of treatments ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The treatment group also had significantly lower recurrence rate and adverse reactions than the controls ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Carboxymethl starch sodium solution can boost the clinical efficiency of inhaled budesonide in the treatment of children with cough variant asthma .
CONCLUSIONS	It is safe and effectual .

###24662812
OBJECTIVE	To determine any differences between the prevalence of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis in ballet dancers who are girls compared with age-matched nondancers , and to establish if any relations exist between the presence of scoliosis and generalized joint hypermobility , age of menarche , body mass index ( BMI ) , and the number of hours of dance training per week .
METHODS	Cross-sectional , matched pair study .
METHODS	Dance school .
METHODS	Dancers ( n = 30 ) between the ages of 9 and 16 years were recruited from a certified dance school in Western Australia ; each dancer provided a consenting age-matched nondancer ( n = 30 ) .
METHODS	Not applicable .
METHODS	Measurements were taken for angle of trunk rotation using a scoliometer ( presence of scoliosis ) and for height and weight to produce generalized joint hypermobility using Beighton criteria and an age-adjusted BMI , respectively .
METHODS	A subjective questionnaire regarding age of menarche and participation in dance and other sports was completed .
RESULTS	Thirty percent of dancers tested positive for scoliosis compared with 3 % of nondancers .
RESULTS	Odds ratio calculations suggest that dancers were 12.4 times more likely to have scoliosis than nondancers of the same age .
RESULTS	There was a higher rate of hypermobility in the dancer group ( 70 % ) compared with the nondancers ( 3 % ) ; however , there were no statistically significant relations between scoliosis and hypermobility , age of menarche , BMI , or hours of dance per week .
CONCLUSIONS	Adolescent dancers , similar to adult dancers , are at significantly higher risk of developing scoliosis than nondancers of the same age .
CONCLUSIONS	Vigilant screening and improved education of dance teachers and parents of dance students may be beneficial in earlier detection and , consequently , reducing the risk of requiring surgical intervention .

###24331988
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of working length determination methods , electronic apex locator and digital radiography , on postoperative pain .
METHODS	Two hundred twenty patients with asymptomatic single-rooted vital teeth were randomly assigned to 2 groups according to the method used for working length determination , the radiographic group and the electronic apex locator group .
METHODS	After working length determination , chemomechanical preparation was performed in a crown-down technique with ProTaper instruments .
METHODS	A master cone radiograph was taken .
METHODS	Canals were obturated with gutta-percha and sealer by using a lateral compaction technique .
METHODS	Postoperative pain was assessed after 4 , 6 , 12 , 24 , and 48hours by using a 4-point pain intensity scale .
METHODS	In addition , patients were asked to record the number of days necessary to achieve complete pain resolution .
RESULTS	Postoperative pain during the 4-hour to 48-hour interval studied was not significantly different ( P > .05 ) between groups .
RESULTS	The mean times for pain dissipation in the radiographic and electronic apex locator groups were 3.37 2.79 and 3.88 3.34 days , respectively .
RESULTS	The difference between groups was not statistically significant ( P > .05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	There is no difference in postoperative pain between working length measurement methods by using an electronic apex locator or digital radiography .
CONCLUSIONS	The reduced exposure to radiation by using apex locator may be a factor that influences a dentist 's decision to choose the electronic apex locator over radiography .

###25683312
OBJECTIVE	Rehabilitation has been reported to improve pain and disability for patients after lumbar surgery .
OBJECTIVE	However , studies to investigate the rehabilitation intervention for lumbar decompression surgery during hospitalization are scarce .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to examine outcomes of perioperative rehabilitation intervention for patients who underwent lumbar decompression surgery ( LDS ) .
METHODS	Patients aged 18-65 years old who received their first LDS were randomized into the perioperative rehabilitation group ( PG ) or control group ( CG ) .
METHODS	The PG received rehabilitation intervention during hospitalization for lumbar decompression surgery .
METHODS	Pain , functional capacity , Roland-Morris Disability Questionnaire ( RMDQ ) , and Short-Form Health Survey ( SF-12 ) were assessed on admission , at discharge , and at follow-ups one month , three months , and six months after surgery .
METHODS	Two-way repeated measures ANOVAs were used for statistical analysis .
RESULTS	A total of 60 patients scheduled for decompression surgery for lumbar stenosis were enrolled into the study .
RESULTS	After surgery , the PG showed significant pain relief and improvement of disability as well as quality of life , but there were no significant functional improvements compared with the CG .
CONCLUSIONS	The findings of this study indicate that the rehabilitation intervention during hospitalization improves pain intensity as well as disability and quality of life , yet has limited effects on the functional performance over time up to six months post-surgery in patients who received LDS .
CONCLUSIONS	The study suggest that rehabilitation interventions during hospitalization must include regular support for patient adherence to the intervention program and focus on task-oriented programs for lower extremities such as closed-chain exercises in functional postures .

###25948722
OBJECTIVE	The 5-HT1B / D agonists ( triptans ) are specific headache medications that have no effect on pain as such .
OBJECTIVE	Although they are routinely used in the treatment of acute migraine attacks , the underlying mechanisms of action are still a matter of debate .
METHODS	Forty-three healthy participants underwent fMRI while receiving trigemino-nociceptive stimulation and control stimuli in a standardized fMRI paradigm .
METHODS	Using a crossover , double-blind , placebo-controlled design , 21 participants ( 10 women , mean age 26.9 , range 20-37 years ) received sumatriptan and 22 participants ( 11 women , mean age 25.5 , range 22-32 years ) received acetylsalicylic acid ( ASA ) .
METHODS	Administration of medication and saline was randomized between participants of each group resulting in half of the participants receiving saline and the other half receiving the respective medication during the first fMRI data acquisition .
RESULTS	While mean pain intensity ratings did not differ significantly between control and medication nor between medications , we found a significant blood oxygen level-dependent signal increase in the trigeminal nuclei and the thalamus after sumatriptan treatment compared with placebo or ASA .
RESULTS	In addition , we specifically looked for the pharmacologic modulation of functional coupling between trigeminal nuclei and higher brain areas , i.e. , trigemino-cortical pathways , and found a strong coupling during the saline condition , which was altered by sumatriptan but not after ASA administration .
CONCLUSIONS	These data suggest that a specific functional inhibition of trigemino-cortical projections is one of the reasons that triptans , unlike pain killers , act highly specifically on headache and migraine but not pain as such .

###25015597
OBJECTIVE	To compare dilutional effect of distilled water with saline solution as an irrigation fluid in percutaneous nephrolithotomy ( PCNL ) .
METHODS	Three hundred twenty eight adult patients ( 191 men , 137 women ) who were candidates for PCNL were randomly assigned into two groups ( distilled water , n = 158 , group 1 ; saline solution , n = 162 , group 2 ) .
METHODS	Stone size , operation time , irrigation fluid volume , blood hemoglobin level , urea nitrogen , creatinine , sodium and potassium levels were checked before and at 6 and 12 hours after operation .
RESULTS	The mean age of the patients was 37.8 years , and the mean stone diameter was 31.5 mm .
RESULTS	There was no clinical case of transurethral resection ( TUR ) syndrome .
RESULTS	Serum sodium depletion was significantly more in group 1 than group 2 ( P < .0001 ) .
RESULTS	Group 1 had significant decreased post-operative serum sodium levels ( P < .0003 ) .
RESULTS	Similarly in group 2 , postoperative serum sodium levels were significantly lower than the preoperative concentration ( P < .01 ) , but it was not the same 6 hours after the operation ( P = .23 ) .
RESULTS	Serum sodium concentrations remained within normal limits in all cases , without causing clinical signs and symptoms of hyponatremia .
CONCLUSIONS	We found that distilled water is safe irrigation fluid for PCNL in adults .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , it is more available and cost effective .

###24826396
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether field photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) of actinic keratoses using a novel preparation of 5-aminolevulonic acid ( novel ALA ) results in fewer subsequent invasive skin cancers developing on the face of individuals with previous facial cutaneous malignancy in a prospective randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Intervention patients received two treatments of novel ALA 2 weeks apart .
METHODS	Controls were observed .
METHODS	Patients were followed up with biopsy of any suspicious lesions for 3 years .
RESULTS	The trial was suspended early because of problems with trial governance and the reporting of severe adverse events .
RESULTS	Sixty-four patients who were recruited at that time at one center were monitored .
RESULTS	Their average age was 71 , and 57 % were male .
RESULTS	Patients were randomized to intervention ( n = 34 ) or observation ( n = 29 ) .
RESULTS	Over the subsequent 3 years , 13 intervention patients ( 38 % ) developed 30 new cutaneous malignancies in the field treated , and 11 control patients ( 38 % ) developed 22 new malignancies .
RESULTS	Some intervention patients experienced prolonged adverse events , including permanent scarring .
CONCLUSIONS	Novel ALA made no difference in the likelihood of new malignancies developing .
CONCLUSIONS	The risks without benefit of this novel ALA are troubling .
CONCLUSIONS	Lack of efficacy and safety of novel ALA can not be extrapolated to other PDT products .

###24553557
BACKGROUND	Nonmedical use of prescription opioids ( NM-POs ) has reached epidemic proportions in the United States .
BACKGROUND	Unintentional overdose deaths involving prescription opioids have quadrupled since 1999 .
BACKGROUND	Herein , we examine NM-POs and their associated risk factors among two cohorts of trauma patients with at-risk drinking .
METHODS	This secondary analysis examines NM-PO from two separate randomized trials that delivered brief alcohol interventions to patients in urban Level I trauma centers .
METHODS	In the first study , data were collected from 1,493 injured patients at a single trauma center , and in the second study , data were collected from 596 injured patients at two trauma centers .
METHODS	All participants were considered at-risk drinkers because they were admitted for an alcohol related injury as indicated by a positive blood alcohol concentration and/or self-reported heavy drinking .
RESULTS	In Study 1 , NM-PO nearly doubled from 5.2 % before admission to 9.8 % at 6 months after discharge .
RESULTS	At 12 months after discharge , those who reported NM-PO ( odds ratio [ OR ] , 2.31 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 1.28-4 .15 ) and drug use ( OR , 2.62 , 95 % CI , 1.70-4 .04 ) before admission had the highest odds for postdischarge NM-PO .
RESULTS	In Study 2 , NM-PO increased from 5.2 % before admission to 6.8 % at 12 months after discharge .
RESULTS	At 12 months after discharge , those who reported NM-PO ( OR , 2.71 ; 95 % CI , 1.10-6 .66 ) or drug use ( OR , 4.05 ; 95 % CI , 2.00-8 .21 ) before admission had the highest odds for postdischarge NM-PO .
CONCLUSIONS	The results suggest that there is an increased risk of postdischarge NM-PO among injured patients with at-risk drinking , particularly among those with a recent history of drug use or NM-PO .
CONCLUSIONS	Cautious , evidence-based opioid prescribing may reduce exposure to prescription opioids in high-risk patients , risk of subsequent misuse , and possible diversion .
METHODS	Prognostic/epidemiologic study , level II .

###25542821
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the efficacy and safety of repeated 12-week courses of 5 or 10 mg daily of ulipristal acetate for intermittent treatment of symptomatic uterine fibroids .
METHODS	Double-blind , randomized administration of two 12-week courses of ulipristal acetate .
METHODS	Gynecology centers .
METHODS	A total of 451 patients with symptomatic uterine fibroid ( s ) and heavy bleeding .
METHODS	Two repeated 12-week treatment courses of daily 5 or 10 mg of ulipristal acetate .
METHODS	Amenorrhea , controlled bleeding , fibroid volume , quality of life ( QoL ) , pain .
RESULTS	In the 5 - and 10-mg treatment groups ( 62 % and 73 % of patients , respectively ) achieved amenorrhea during both treatment courses .
RESULTS	Proportions of patients achieving controlled bleeding during two treatment courses were > 80 % .
RESULTS	Menstruation resumed after each treatment course and was diminished compared with baseline .
RESULTS	After the second treatment course , median reductions from baseline in fibroid volume were 54 % and 58 % for the patients receiving 5 and 10 mg of ulipristal acetate , respectively .
RESULTS	Pain and QoL improved in both groups .
RESULTS	Ulipristal acetate was well tolerated with less than 5 % of patients discontinuing treatment due to adverse events .
CONCLUSIONS	Repeated 12-week courses of daily oral ulipristal acetate ( 5 and 10 mg ) effectively control bleeding and pain , reduce fibroid volume , and restore QoL in patients with symptomatic fibroids .
BACKGROUND	NCT01629563 ( PEARL IV ) .

###25445335
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of a very brief structured counseling for tobacco cessation in dentistry clinics .
METHODS	A cluster randomized trial was conducted in Sweden in 2012-2013 .
METHODS	Twenty-seven dentistry clinics in two Swedish counties were randomized to provide either a structured brief advice based on the 5 A 's model or usual care .
METHODS	Participants were 467 patients currently using tobacco daily ( 225 in the intervention group and 242 in usual care ) , of which 97 % were retained at follow-up , six months after enrolment .
METHODS	Study outcomes were : 7-day abstinence ( primary outcome ) ; 3-month sustained abstinence ; 50 % reduction of the amount tobacco used ; quit attempts lasting at least 24h .
RESULTS	Compared to usual care , brief counseling was not associated to statistically significant increase in the proportion abstinent from tobacco use after 6months .
RESULTS	However , there was a statistically significant association with reduction of tobacco consumption ( OR = 2.07 95 % CI 1.28-3 .35 ) .
RESULTS	Changes in the expected direction for all outcomes were more frequent in the intervention than in the usual care group , and larger among exclusive snus users than among smokers .
CONCLUSIONS	Very brief and structured counseling in dentistry may achieve positive behavioral modifications among tobacco users , with significant reduction of tobacco consumption , particularly among smokeless tobacco users .

###25595417
OBJECTIVE	To study whether high-dose versus usual-dose statin treatment reduces the incidence of peripheral artery disease ( PAD ) and what is the effect of high-dose statin treatment on cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) outcome in patients with PAD .
RESULTS	In the Incremental Decrease in End Points Through Aggressive Lipid Lowering trial , 8888 post-myocardial infarction patients were randomised to high-dose or usual-dose statin therapy ( atorvastatin 80mg/day vs simvastatin 20-40mg / day ) .
RESULTS	We investigated the effect of high-dose versus usual-dose statins on the pre-specified outcome PAD incidence , and additionally performed a posthoc analysis of the efficacy of high-dose statins in reducing CVD risk among patients with PAD .
RESULTS	During a median follow-up of 4.8 years , 94 patients ( 2.2 % ) receiving atorvastatin and 135 patients ( 3.2 % ) receiving simvastatin developed PAD ( HR = 0.70 , 95 % CI 0.53 to 0.91 ; p = 0.007 ) .
RESULTS	The risk of major coronary events was almost twofold higher in patients with PAD at baseline , but was no longer significant after adjusting for the adverse cardiovascular risk profile .
RESULTS	In PAD patients , major coronary events occurred in fewer patients in the atorvastatin group ( 14.4 % ) than in the simvastatin group ( 20.1 % ) , but the difference did not reach statistical significance .
RESULTS	( HR = 0.68 , 95 % CI 0.41 to 1.11 ; p = 0.13 ) .
RESULTS	Atorvastatin treatment significantly reduced overall cardiovascular ( p = 0.046 ) and coronary events ( p = 0.004 ) , and coronary revascularisation ( p = 0.007 ) in these patients .
CONCLUSIONS	High-dose statin therapy with atorvastatin significantly reduced the incidence of PAD compared with usual-dose statin therapy with simvastatin .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients with a history of PAD at baseline were at higher risk of future coronary events and this risk was reduced by high-dose atorvastatin treatment .
BACKGROUND	NCT00159835 ( URL : http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT00159835 ) .

###25740700
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effect of tube current limitation on contrast enhancement , image quality , and radiation dose in whole-body 64-detector CT with a high heat-capacity X-ray tube and automated tube current modulation .
METHODS	One hundred eighteen patients were randomized into three whole-body CT protocols : tube current limitation at 210 mA , 450 mA , and no limitation .
METHODS	Signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) , dose-length product ( DLP ) , estimated effective dose ( ED ) , and image quality were assessed .
RESULTS	Mean SNR of aorta was comparable among protocols , but that of liver was somewhat lower in 210-mA than in 450-mA and no-limitation protocols ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Mean DLP with 210-mA ( 533.8 mGy cm ) was reduced by 31 % from that with 450-mA ( 768.4 mGy cm ) and by 38 % from that with no-limitation protocol ( 861.3 mGy cm ) , respectively .
RESULTS	Image quality was slightly degraded ( p < 0.017 ) with 210 mA relative to the others in thorax and pelvis , but no difference was found in diagnostic acceptability .
CONCLUSIONS	For whole-body CT using multidetector CT mounted with a high heat-capacity X-ray tube , an appropriate tube current limitation setting may help reduce excessive radiation dose without significant compromise in diagnostic acceptability .

###25623564
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy and safety of long-term treatment ( 48 weeks ) with tiotropium bromide ( 5 g ) via Respimat ( ) with placebo in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) .
METHODS	A total of 338 patients were randomized in this double-blind , placebo controlled , parallel study .
METHODS	All patients received either tiotropium bromide or placebo .
METHODS	Tiotropium bromide solution 5 g ( 22.5 g/puff ) or matching placebo was delivered via Respimat ( ) at a dosage of once daily for 48 weeks .
METHODS	Co-primary endpoints were trough forced expiratory volume in one second ( FEV ( 1 ) ) and the time to first exacerbation .
RESULTS	Statistically significant improvements of both trough FEV ( 1 ) and trough forced vital capacity ( FVC ) in the tiotropium group were achieved at weeks 4 , 24 , and 48 compared with those in the placebo group ( P < 0.000 1 ) .
RESULTS	Tiotropium treatment delayed the time to first exacerbation .
RESULTS	The time was 157 days in the tiotropium group and 85 days in the placebo group .
RESULTS	A statistically significant difference ( P = 0.002 7 ) in favor of tiotropium was also observed .
RESULTS	The total numbers of exacerbation during treatment were 90 and 128 in the tiotropium and placebo groups , respectively .
RESULTS	The Poisson regression analysis gave a mean exacerbation rate per patient year exposure of 0.67 in the tiotropium group compared to 0.98 in the placebo group with a rate ratio of 0.69 ( 95 % CI 0.50-0 .93 , P = 0.016 4 ) .
RESULTS	A much larger improvement from baseline in St. George 's respiratory questionnaire ( SGRQ ) total score was observed for the tiotropium group than in the placebo group ( P = 0.036 7 ) , SGRQ symptom and activity scores of patients in the tiotropium group were also superior to those of patients receiving placebo .
RESULTS	The drugs-related adverse events in the tiotropium and placebo groups were 12 cases and 11 cases , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	Tiotropium significantly improved lung function and quality of life , delayed the time to first exacerbation , reduced the number of exacerbation .
CONCLUSIONS	Overall , tiotropium was well tolerated .

###25514875
BACKGROUND	According to the International Association for the Study of Pain ( IASP ) , the term temporomandibular disorder ( TMD ) regards a subgroup of orofacial pain , the symptoms of which include pain or discomfort in the temporomandibular joint , ears , masticatory muscles and neck on one or both sides , as well as joint sounds , limited mandibular movements or mandibular deviation and difficulties chewing .
BACKGROUND	Phototherapy , such as low-level laser therapy ( LLLT ) and light-emitting diode ( LED ) therapy , is one of the resources used to treatment muscle pain .
BACKGROUND	Thus , there is a need to investigate therapeutic resources that combine different wavelengths as well as different light sources ( LLLT and LED ) in the same apparatus .
BACKGROUND	The aim of the proposed study is to evaluate the effects of four different doses of phototherapy on pain , activity of the masticatory muscles ( masseter and bilateral anterior temporal ) and joint mobility in individuals with temporomandibular disorder .
BACKGROUND	A further aim is to determine the cumulative effect 24 and 48 hours after a single session .
METHODS	A placebo-controlled , double-blind , randomized , clinical trial will be carried out involving 72 women between 18 and 40 years of age with a diagnosis of myogenous TMD .
METHODS	The participants will then be randomly allocated to four groups totaling 18 individuals per group .
METHODS	Three groups will be submitted to a single session of phototherapy with different light sources , and one group will receive placebo therapy : Group A ( 2.62 Joules ) ; Group B ( 5.24 Joules ) ; Group C ( 7.86 Joules ) ; and Group D ( 0 Joules ) .
METHODS	The following assessment tools will be administered on four separate occasions ( baseline and immediately after , 24 h after and 48 h after phototherapy ) .
METHODS	Pain intensity will be assessed using the visual analog scale for pain , while pain thresholds will be determined using algometer , and electromyographic ( EMG ) analysis on the masseter and anterior temporal muscles .
CONCLUSIONS	The study will contribute to the practice of the evidence-based use of phototherapy in individuals with a myogenous TMD .
CONCLUSIONS	Data will be published after the study is completed .
BACKGROUND	This study is registered with the Brazilian Registry of Clinical Trials , NCT02018770 , date of registration : 7 December 2013 .

###24383370
OBJECTIVE	Data relating to the impact of body mass index ( BMI ) on outcomes after isolated aortic valve replacement ( AVR ) are scarce and controversial .
OBJECTIVE	The study aim was to investigate the predictive value of BMI for early and late mortality after isolated AVR .
METHODS	Data obtained from patients who underwent isolated AVR between January 1998 and December 2010 at the authors ' institution were analyzed retrospectively .
METHODS	Patients were allocated to five groups according to the preoperative BMI : underweight ( BMI < 20 kg/m2 ) ; normal weight ( BMI 20.0-24 .9 kg/m2 ) ; overweight ( BMI 25.0-29 .9 kg/m2 ) ; obese ( BMI 30.0-34 .9 kg/m2 ) ; and morbidly obese ( BMI > 34.9 kg/m2 ) .
METHODS	Logistic and Cox regression analyses were performed to identify the independent predictors of early and late mortality , respectively .
RESULTS	After excluding 20 patients who were lost to follow up , and 30 patients with missing preoperative BMI data , a total of 1,758 patients was included in the analysis .
RESULTS	The mean follow up was 5.6 + / - 3.5 years ( range : 0-13 .4 years ) , and the mean BMI 26.8 + / - 4.3 kg/m2 ( range : 17-52 kg/m2 ) .
RESULTS	Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed no association between early mortality and the BMI groups .
RESULTS	Multivariate Cox regression analyses showed ` underweight ' to be an independent predictor for late mortality ( hazard ratio 2.89 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.63-5 .13 , p < 0.0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	` Underweight ' is an independent predictor for late mortality after AVR surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	Morbid obesity did not prove to be predictive of a worse late survival .

###24287166
BACKGROUND	Patients with mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnoea ( OSA ) commonly suffer excessive daytime sleepiness .
BACKGROUND	Continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) has limited effectiveness in reducing sleepiness in milder OSA .
BACKGROUND	Modafinil is a wake-promoting drug licensed to treat residual sleepiness in CPAP-treated OSA .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesised that modafinil may effectively treat sleepiness in untreated mild to moderate OSA .
METHODS	Untreated sleepy men with mild to moderate OSA ( age 18-70 , apnoea-hypopnoea index ( AHI ) 5-30 / h , Epworth Sleepiness Scale ( ESS ) 10 ) were randomised to receive 200 mg modafinil or matching placebo daily for 2 weeks before crossing over to the alternative treatment after a minimum 2-week washout .
METHODS	Mixed model analysis of variance was used to compare the changes on modafinil to placebo while classifying all randomised patients as random factors .
RESULTS	32 patients were randomised ( mean ( SD ) AHI 13 ( 6.4 ) / h , age 47 ( 10.7 ) years , ESS 13.6 ( 3.3 ) , body mass index 28.2 ( 3.6 ) kg/m ( 2 ) ) , 29 of whom ( 91 % ) completed the trial .
RESULTS	The primary outcome ( ESS ) improved more on modafinil than placebo ( 3.6 points , 95 % CI 1.3 to 5.8 , p = 0.003 ) and the secondary outcome ( 40-min driving simulator performance ) also improved more on modafinil than placebo ( steering deviation 4.7 cm , 95 % CI 0.8 to 8.5 , p = 0.018 ) .
RESULTS	Psychomotor Vigilance Task reciprocal reaction time improved significantly over placebo ( 0.15 ( 1/ms ) , 95 % CI 0.03 to 0.27 , p = 0.016 ) .
RESULTS	Improvements on the Functional Outcomes of Sleep Questionnaire were not significant ( 5.3 points over placebo , 95 % CI -1 to 11.6 , p = 0.093 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Modafinil significantly improved subjective sleepiness in patients with untreated mild to moderate OSA .
CONCLUSIONS	The size of this effect is clinically relevant at 3-4 ESS points of improvement compared with only 1-2 points in CPAP clinical trials .
CONCLUSIONS	Driving simulator performance and reaction time also improved on modafinil .
BACKGROUND	ACTRN # 12608000128392 .

###25033745
OBJECTIVE	This study investigated the effects of irrigation solutions , administered at either 21 or 37C in percutaneous nephrolithotomy ( PCNL ) , on hypothermia and related postoperative complications such as late emergence and late recovery from anesthesia , shivering , lactic acidosis , and excess bleeding .
METHODS	Sixty patients who were scheduled for PCNL were enrolled in this prospective randomized double-blind study .
METHODS	Irrigation solutions at room temperature were administered to patients in group R ( 30 patients ) , and warmed irrigation solutions were administered to patients in group W ( 30 patients ) .
METHODS	The two groups were compared for core and peripheral body temperature , incidence of hypothermia , duration of emergence from anesthesia , duration of recovery from anesthesia , shivering , lactic acidosis , and hemoglobin levels .
RESULTS	Hypothermia was incident in 19patients ( 63.3 % ) in group W and in 27 patients ( 90 % ) in group R at the end of surgery .
RESULTS	The difference between the initial and the final core body temperature was 0.90.6 C group W and 1.40.7 C in group R ( p = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	The extubation time was 4.42.2 min in group W and 5.93 min in group R ( p = 0.032 ) .
RESULTS	Shivering was detected in seven patients ( 23.3 % ) in group W and in 15patients ( 50 % ) in group R ( p = 0.032 ) .
RESULTS	The recovery duration was 49.824.6 min in group W and 67.633.9 min in group R ( p = 0.023 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Administration of irrigation solutions at room temperature in PCNL operations causes the body temperature to decrease significantly , which results in postoperative complications such as late emergence from anesthesia , late recovery from anesthesia , and shivering .

###24703280
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to assess the effect of intraoral aging on the setting status of a resin composite and a glass ionomer adhesive , relative to control specimens stored in water .
METHODS	Metallic brackets were bonded with resin composite orthodontic adhesive ( Transbond XT ; 3M Unitek , Monrovia , Calif ) or a glass ionomer cement ( Fuji I ; GC , Tokyo , Japan ) to recently extracted premolars and kept in water for 6 months .
METHODS	The same materials were also bonded to the premolars of orthodontic patients .
METHODS	After 6 months , the teeth were carefully extracted , with the brackets intact on their buccal surfaces .
METHODS	All teeth were embedded in epoxy resin and sectioned buccolingually .
METHODS	Fourier transform infrared microscopy and Raman microscopy were used for the estimation of the degree of cure in the composite and the salt yield in the glass ionomer adhesives .
RESULTS	The control samples of the composite showed significantly lower degrees of cure than did the retrieved specimens ( 52.40 % 3.21 % vs 57.62 % 1.32 % by Fourier transform infrared microscopy , and 61.40 % 2.61 % vs 67.40 % 3.44 % by Raman microscopy ) .
RESULTS	Raman microscopy significantly overestimated the degree of cure and failed to provide reliable information for the salt yield in the glass ionomer cement .
RESULTS	Fourier transform infrared microscopy showed increased , but no statistically significant difference in , aluminum-carboxylate salts in the retrieved specimens .
CONCLUSIONS	Enhanced oxidation of residual carbon-carbon bonds in the composite and slightly increased dissolution of the weaker calcium-salt phase in the glass ionomer cement were the main differences in the intraorally aged specimens in comparison with the specimens stored in water .

###26324049
BACKGROUND	Conflicting evidence exists on the efficacy and safety of bivalirudin administered as part of percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) in patients with an acute coronary syndrome .
METHODS	We randomly assigned 7213 patients with an acute coronary syndrome for whom PCI was anticipated to receive either bivalirudin or unfractionated heparin .
METHODS	Patients in the bivalirudin group were subsequently randomly assigned to receive or not to receive a post-PCI bivalirudin infusion .
METHODS	Primary outcomes for the comparison between bivalirudin and heparin were the occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events ( a composite of death , myocardial infarction , or stroke ) and net adverse clinical events ( a composite of major bleeding or a major adverse cardiovascular event ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome for the comparison of a post-PCI bivalirudin infusion with no post-PCI infusion was a composite of urgent target-vessel revascularization , definite stent thrombosis , or net adverse clinical events .
RESULTS	The rate of major adverse cardiovascular events was not significantly lower with bivalirudin than with heparin ( 10.3 % and 10.9 % , respectively ; relative risk , 0.94 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 0.81 to 1.09 ; P = 0.44 ) , nor was the rate of net adverse clinical events ( 11.2 % and 12.4 % , respectively ; relative risk , 0.89 ; 95 % CI , 0.78 to 1.03 ; P = 0.12 ) .
RESULTS	Post-PCI bivalirudin infusion , as compared with no infusion , did not significantly decrease the rate of urgent target-vessel revascularization , definite stent thrombosis , or net adverse clinical events ( 11.0 % and 11.9 % , respectively ; relative risk , 0.91 ; 95 % CI , 0.74 to 1.11 ; P = 0.34 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with an acute coronary syndrome , the rates of major adverse cardiovascular events and net adverse clinical events were not significantly lower with bivalirudin than with unfractionated heparin .
CONCLUSIONS	The rate of the composite of urgent target-vessel revascularization , definite stent thrombosis , or net adverse clinical events was not significantly lower with a post-PCI bivalirudin infusion than with no post-PCI infusion .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by the Medicines Company and Terumo Medical ; MATRIX ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01433627 . )

###24928832
BACKGROUND	Afatinib is an oral , irreversible ErbB family blocker that has shown activity in epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) - mutated lung cancer .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesized that the agent would have greater antitumor activity compared with cetuximab in recurrent or metastatic ( R/M ) head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) patients , whose disease has progressed after platinum-containing therapy .
METHODS	An open-label , randomized , phase II trial was conducted in 43 centers ; 124 patients were randomized ( 1 : 1 ) to either afatinib ( 50 mg/day ) or cetuximab ( 250 mg/m ( 2 ) / week ) until disease progression or intolerable adverse events ( AEs ) ( stage I ) , with optional crossover ( stage II ) .
METHODS	The primary end point was tumor shrinkage before crossover assessed by investigator ( IR ) and independent central review ( ICR ) .
RESULTS	A total of 121 patients were treated ( 61 afatinib , 60 cetuximab ) and 68 crossed over to stage II ( 32 and 36 respectively ) .
RESULTS	In stage I , mean tumor shrinkage by IR/ICR was 10.4 % / 16.6 % with afatinib and 5.4 % / 10.1 % with cetuximab ( P = 0.46 / 0.30 ) .
RESULTS	Objective response rate was 16.1 % / 8.1 % with afatinib and 6.5 % / 9.7 % with cetuximab ( IR/ICR ) .
RESULTS	Comparable disease control rates were observed with afatinib ( 50 % ) and cetuximab ( 56.5 % ) by IR ; similar results were seen by ICR .
RESULTS	Most common grade 3 drug-related AEs ( DRAEs ) were rash/acne ( 18 % versus 8.3 % ) , diarrhea ( 14.8 % versus 0 % ) , and stomatitis/mucositis ( 11.5 % versus 0 % ) with afatinib and cetuximab , respectively .
RESULTS	Patients with DRAEs leading to treatment discontinuation were 23 % with afatinib and 5 % with cetuximab .
RESULTS	In stage II , disease control rate ( IR/ICR ) was 38.9 % / 33.3 % with afatinib and 18.8 % / 18.8 % with cetuximab .
CONCLUSIONS	Afatinib showed antitumor activity comparable to cetuximab in R/M HNSCC in this exploratory phase II trial , although more patients on afatinib discontinued treatment due to AEs .
CONCLUSIONS	Sequential EGFR/ErbB treatment with afatinib and cetuximab provided sustained clinical benefit in patients after crossover , suggesting a lack of cross-resistance .

###24947878
BACKGROUND	Exercise training may improve components of metabolic syndrome and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome ( OSAS ) .
BACKGROUND	The objective of our pilot randomized controlled study was to determine the benefits of a short intensive inpatient individualized exercise training ( IET ) program in sedentary untreated OSAS patients .
METHODS	Twenty-two sedentary patients with moderate to severe OSAS were randomly assigned either to one-month education activity sessions ( n = 11 ; control group ) or to inpatient rehabilitation program ( n = 11 ) , including IET , education activities sessions , and dietary management .
METHODS	Full polysomnography ( PSG ) , OSLER ( Oxford Sleep Resistance test ) , body composition , anthropometric measurements , metabolic syndrome components , and questionnaires were performed at baseline and at study end point .
RESULTS	No changes occurred in the control group in all variables .
RESULTS	Compared to controls , participants randomized to the IET group presented a significant decrease in apnea-hypopnea index ( AHI ) ( 40.619.4 vs. 28.019.3 ; P < 0.001 ) , oxygen desaturation index ( ODI ) , and arousal index , which occurred in conjunction with significant decrease in body mass index ( BMI ) , neck circumference , fat mass , fasting glucose , and diastolic blood pressure .
RESULTS	Increased sleep latency was found in participants in the IET group with altered values at baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	IET reduced OSAS severity with improvement of metabolic syndrome components with concomitant loss in body fat in sedentary adults .
CONCLUSIONS	If confirmed on a larger scale , a comprehensive rehabilitation program could constitute an additional or alternative treatment for moderate to severe OSAS patients .

###24990088
BACKGROUND	The most appropriate means of capturing data from the Neuropsychiatric Inventory ( NPI ) must be understood to optimize use of this instrument in clinical trials .
BACKGROUND	The utility of the composite score ( frequency times severity ) was recently demonstrated in mild and moderate dementia .
BACKGROUND	Determination of frequency compared to composite scores in mild cognitive impairment ( MCI ) warrants investigation .
METHODS	We used the NPI data from a randomized , placebo-controlled , multi-center , 24-week , clinical trial involving 160 patients who were diagnosed with amnestic MCI and had clinically significant neuropsychiatric symptoms ( NPS ) .
METHODS	We calculated standardized changes for both frequency and composite scores .
RESULTS	There were improvements in NPI composite scores in both active drug - and placebo-treated patients , with significant superiority of active drug .
RESULTS	Standardized changes in severity and composite scores tended to be larger than those in the frequency scores , whereas discrimination between treatment groups was similar for all three scores .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings support the hypothesis that in MCI , as in dementia , the NPI frequency score is not more sensitive to treatment-related change than the composite score .
CONCLUSIONS	As the severity score adds information , the use of the composite score has better performance characteristics .

###24423311
BACKGROUND	Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) have clinically relevant disturbances in the effects of the hormone glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ( GIP ) .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to evaluate the importance of the prevailing plasma glucose levels for the effect of GIP on responses of glucagon and insulin and glucose disposal in patients with T2DM .
METHODS	We performed a single center , placebo-controlled , cross-over , experimental study .
METHODS	We studied twelve patients with T2DM ( age : 62 1 years [ mean SEM ] , body mass index : 29 1 kg/m ( 2 ) ; glycosylated hemoglobin A1c : 6.5 0.1 % [ 48 2 mmol/mol ] ) .
METHODS	We infused physiological amounts of GIP ( 2 pmol kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ) or saline .
METHODS	We measured plasma concentrations of glucagon , glucose , insulin , C-peptide , intact GIP , and amounts of glucose needed to maintain glucose clamps .
RESULTS	During fasting glycemia ( plasma glucose 8 mmol/L ) , GIP elicited significant increments in both insulin and glucagon levels , resulting in neutral effects on plasma glucose .
RESULTS	During insulin-induced hypoglycemia ( plasma glucose 3 mmol/L ) , GIP elicited a minor early-phase insulin response and increased glucagon levels during the initial 30 minutes , resulting in less glucose needed to be infused to maintain the clamp ( 29 8 vs 49 12 mg kg ( -1 ) , P < .03 ) .
RESULTS	During hyperglycemia ( 1.5 fasting plasma glucose 12 mmol/L ) , GIP augmented insulin secretion throughout the clamp , with slightly less glucagon suppression compared with saline , resulting in more glucose needed to maintain the clamp during GIP infusions ( 265 21 vs 213 13 mg kg ( -1 ) , P < .001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with T2DM , GIP counteracts insulin-induced hypoglycemia , most likely through a predominant glucagonotropic effect .
CONCLUSIONS	In contrast , during hyperglycemia , GIP increases glucose disposal through a predominant effect on insulin release .

###25438609
OBJECTIVE	To determine the effect of fall-related concerns on physical , mental , and social function .
METHODS	Community-based prospective cohort study ( secondary analysis using control group data from a randomized controlled trial ) .
METHODS	Two municipalities in the south of the Netherlands .
METHODS	Community-dwelling older adults ( N = 260 ) .
METHODS	Two groups were created using Modified Falls Efficacy Scale scores ( high and low levels of fall-related concerns ) .
METHODS	Five outcome measures representing physical , mental , and social function were included : activities of daily living ( ADLs ) , symptoms of depression , feelings of anxiety , social participation , and social support interactions .
METHODS	Outcomes were measured at baseline and at 2 , 8 , and 14 months .
METHODS	Data were analyzed using analysis of covariance and mixed-effect regression models for longitudinal data , adjusting for age , sex , living status ( alone or with another person ) , educational level , cognitive status , self-perceived health , and falls history at baseline .
RESULTS	At baseline , significantly more limitations in ADLs and social participation were found for older persons with high levels of fall-related concerns than for those with low levels of concern .
RESULTS	These differences persisted over 14 months of follow-up and were consistent over time .
RESULTS	No significant differences were found for symptoms of depression , feelings of anxiety , or social support interactions , except for feelings of anxiety at 14 months .
CONCLUSIONS	Older persons with higher levels of fall-related concerns reported up to 14 months poorer ADL and social participation for up to 14 months than those with lower levels of fall-related concerns .
CONCLUSIONS	From a clinical point of view , the clear relationship between fall-related concerns and ADL dysfunction and social participation may help to target groups who are at risk of developing adverse consequences of concerns about falls .

###25048381
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether an intensive lifestyle intervention ( ILI ) designed to sustain weight loss and improve physical fitness in overweight or obese persons with type 2 diabetes was associated with bone loss after 4 years of follow-up .
METHODS	This randomized controlled trial of intensive weight loss compared an ILI with a diabetes support and education ( DSE ) group among 1,309 overweight or obese subjects .
METHODS	Bone mineral density was assessed at baseline and after 1 year and 4 years of intervention .
RESULTS	ILI was effective in producing significant weight loss ( 5.3 % vs. 1.8 % in ILI and DSE , respectively ; P < 0.01 ) and increased fitness ( 6.4 % vs. -0.8 % ) at year 4 .
RESULTS	In men , ILI participants had a greater rate of bone loss during the first year ( -1.66 % vs. -0.09 % per year in ILI and DSE , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Differences between groups were diminished by one-half after 4 years ( -0.88 % vs. -0.05 % per year in ILI and DSE , respectively ) but remained significant ( P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	The difference in rate of hip bone loss between groups over 4 years was related to increased weight loss in ILI .
RESULTS	Among women , the rate of bone loss did not differ between ILI and DSE after 4 years .
CONCLUSIONS	A 4-year weight loss intervention was significantly associated with a modest increase in bone loss at the hip in men but not in women .

###25002136
BACKGROUND	Epidemiological studies have found a U-shaped relationship between serum phosphorus and cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) .
BACKGROUND	The mechanism ( s ) behind such a relationship are poorly understood .
BACKGROUND	Phosphorus ( P ) is reported to improve insulin sensitivity , which is involved in lipid metabolism , and thus we were interested in determining the impact of phosphorus ingestion on postprandial lipemia , a recognized CVD risk factor .
RESULTS	A within-subject study design was conducted , whereby 8 healthy male subjects received a high fat meal ( 330 Kcal ; 69 % energy from fat ; 35 mg of phosphorus ) with placebo or phosphorus ( 500 mg ) in a random order .
RESULTS	Postprandial blood samples ( ~ 10 ml ) were collected every hour for 6 hours after meal ingestion .
RESULTS	Changes in different parameters were analyzed using a 2-factor repeated-measure ANOVA .
RESULTS	In the phosphorus ( P ) supplemented group , postprandial serum P increased ( p = 0.00 ) , while changes in insulin , non-esterified fatty acids ( NEFA ) and triglyceride ( TG ) were not significantly different than that of placebo .
RESULTS	Concurrently , phosphorus supplementation increased postprandial concentrations of apolipoprotein B48 ( ApoB48 ) ( p < 0.05 ) and decreased that of apolipoprotein B100 ( ApoB100 ) ( p < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Phosphorus supplementation ( 500 mg ) of the meal seems to alter the different components of postprandial lipemia .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings highlight the potential role of phosphorus in CVD .

###24477109
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether extracranial-intracranial ( EC-IC ) bypass can improve cognition over 2 years compared to best medical therapy alone in patients with symptomatic internal carotid artery ( ICA ) occlusion and increased oxygen extraction fraction ( OEF ) on PET .
METHODS	Patients underwent ( 15 ) O PET and were randomized if OEF ratio was > 1.13 on the occluded side .
METHODS	Using blinded baseline and 2-year cognitive assessments , age-adjusted composite z scores were generated from subtests sensitive to right/left hemisphere plus global cognitive functioning .
METHODS	Multiple regression predicted 2-year cognitive change .
RESULTS	Eighty-nine patients were enrolled ; 41 had increased OEF and were randomized .
RESULTS	Two died , 2 were lost to follow-up , and 2 refused 2-year testing .
RESULTS	Of the 35 remaining , 6 had ipsilateral stroke or death , leaving 13 surgical and 16 medical patients .
RESULTS	Controlling for age , education , and depression , there was no difference in 2-year cognitive change between the medical and surgical arms ( 95 % confidence interval -0.5 to 0.5 , p = 0.9 ) .
RESULTS	In post hoc analysis of 26 patients with no stroke in the follow-up period , cognitive improvement was associated with less impaired PET OEF at baseline ( p = 0.045 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Cognitive improvement following bypass surgery was not superior to medical therapy among patients with recently symptomatic carotid occlusion and increased OEF .
CONCLUSIONS	Among those with no recurrent stroke , less hemodynamic impairment at baseline was associated with greater cognitive gain in both groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Reversing cognitive impairment in hemodynamic failure remains an open challenge .
METHODS	This study provides Class II evidence that for patients with symptomatic ICA occlusion and increased OEF on PET , EC-IC bypass compared to no bypass does not improve cognitive function after 2 years .

###25982590
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the safety , tolerability , and comparative pharmacokinetics ( PK ) of intravenous and oral carbamazepine .
METHODS	In this phase 1 , open-label study , adult patients with epilepsy on a stable oral carbamazepine dosage ( 400-2 ,000 mg/day ) were converted to intravenous carbamazepine ( administered at 70 % of the oral dosage ) .
METHODS	A 28-day outpatient period preceded an up to 10-day inpatient period and a 30-day follow-up period .
METHODS	Intravenous carbamazepine was administered over 15 or 30 min every 6 h on days 1-7 ; some patients in the 15-min group were eligible to receive four 2 - to 5-min ( rapid ) infusions on day 8 .
METHODS	Patients underwent blood sampling to determine the area under the concentration-time curve ( AUC ) for carbamazepine and metabolite carbamazepine-10 ,11 - epoxide following oral ( day 0 ) and intravenous carbamazepine administration ( days 1 , 7 , and 8 ) .
METHODS	Bioequivalence was evaluated in patients with normal renal function ( creatinine clearance > 80 ml/min ) .
METHODS	Safety assessments were conducted through day 38 .
RESULTS	Ninety-eight patients enrolled and 77 completed the PK component .
RESULTS	The mean daily oral and intravenous carbamazepine dosage for 64 PK-evaluable patients with normal renal function was 962.5 and 675.1 mg ( 70 % of oral dosage ) , respectively .
RESULTS	Steady-state minimum concentration ( C ( min ) ) and overall exposure ( AUC0-24 ) for intravenous carbamazepine infused over 30 , 15 , or 2-5 min were similar to oral carbamazepine .
RESULTS	The 90 % confidence intervals ( CIs ) for the ratios of the adjusted means for AUC0-24 , maximum concentration ( Cmax ) , and C ( min ) were within the 80 % -125 % bioequivalence range for 30-min intravenous infusions versus oral administration , but exceeded the upper limit for Cmax for the 15-min and rapid infusions .
RESULTS	All intravenous carbamazepine infusions were well tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	Intravenous carbamazepine infusions ( 70 % of oral daily dose ) of 30 - , 15 - , and 2 - to 5-min duration , given every 6 h , maintained patients ' plasma carbamazepine concentrations .
CONCLUSIONS	Intravenous carbamazepine 30-min infusions were bioequivalent to oral carbamazepine in patients with normal renal function ; rapid infusions were well-tolerated in this study .

###24270950
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effectiveness of healthcare team guidance in the implementation of a glycemic control protocol in the non-intensive care unit of a cardiology hospital .
METHODS	This was a randomized clinical trial comparing 9 months of intensive guidance by a healthcare team on a protocol for diabetes care ( Intervention Group , n = 95 ) with 9 months of standard care ( Control Group , n = 87 ) .
METHODS	Clinicaltrials.gov : NCT01154413 .
RESULTS	The mean age of the patients was 61.710 years , and the mean glycated hemoglobin level was 7123 mmol/mol ( 8.72.1 % ) .
RESULTS	The mean capillary glycemia during hospitalization was similar between the groups ( 9.82.9 and 9.12.4 mmol/l for the Intervention Group and Control Group , respectively , p = 0.078 ) .
RESULTS	The number of hypoglycemic episodes ( p = 0.77 ) , hyperglycemic episodes ( 47 vs. 50 in the Intervention Group and Control Group , p = 0.35 , respectively ) , and the length of stay in the hospital were similar between the groups ( p = 0.64 ) .
RESULTS	The amount of regular insulin administered was 0 ( 0-10 ) IU in the Intervention Group and 28 ( 7-56 ) IU in the Control Group ( p < 0.001 ) , and the amount of NPH insulin administered was similar between the groups ( p = 0.16 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	While guidance on a glycemic control protocol given by a healthcare team resulted in a modification of the therapeutic strategy , no changes in glycemic control , frequency of episodes of hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia , or hospitalization duration were observed .

###24886409
BACKGROUND	Dietary carbohydrates may affect metabolic and physiologic parameters .
BACKGROUND	The present study evaluated whether a combination of two dietary fibers , oligofructose ( OFS ) and pectin ( P ) , altered satiety and glycemic parameters .
BACKGROUND	The primary objective of this study was to determine whether dietary supplementation for 3weeks with OFS+P would produce a greater reduction in energy intake of an ad libitum test meal compared to control .
METHODS	This was a single center , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel group study in overweight and obese , otherwise healthy , subjects ( N = 96 ) .
METHODS	There were two OFS+P treatment groups : high-dose ( 30g/d ) , low-dose ( 15g/d ) , and a control group ( maltodextrin 15g/d ) .
METHODS	Energy intake , appetite measures based on Satiety Labeled Intensity Magnitude ( SLIM ) scale , fasting and post-prandial glucose , and insulin levels and body weight were measured at baseline and at the end of 3weeks .
METHODS	Adverse events and gastrointestinal tolerability of the treatments were also assessed .
RESULTS	An analysis of covariance ( ANCOVA ) performed on the primary endpoint change from baseline in energy intake , showed no statistically significant difference in energy intake among the three treatment groups ( p = 0.5387 ) .
RESULTS	The LS mean changes ( SE ) in energy intake from baseline to week 3 were -58.3 ( 42.4 ) kilocalories ( kcal ) for the high dose group , -74.2 ( 43.6 ) kcal for the low dose group , and -9.0 ( 42.9 ) kcal for the control group .
RESULTS	For the pairwise comparisons of OFS+P doses and control , confidence intervals were constructed around the difference in LS mean changes .
RESULTS	All study products were generally well tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	There was a directional benefit in ad libitum energy intake for both OFS+P doses compared to control , with a greater reduction in kilocalories in the low dose comparison , but the reductions were not significant .
CONCLUSIONS	Further studies are warranted .
BACKGROUND	GSK Clinical Study Register # W7781293 .

###25066019
OBJECTIVE	To examine protocol fidelity among teachers involved in a six-month cluster-randomized physical activity ( PA ) intervention .
METHODS	In 2011 , preschools in Springfield , MA were randomized to short bouts of structured PA ( SBS-PA , n = 5 ) or unstructured playtime ( UPA , n = 5 ) .
METHODS	SBS-PA provided structured PA in the classroom during the first 10 min of gross-motor playtime followed by 20 min of unstructured playtime .
METHODS	UPA consisted of 30 min of unstructured playtime .
METHODS	All teachers ( SBS-PA and UPA ) received a written study protocol and 1.5 h of training .
METHODS	SBS-PA also received videos to use to lead structured PA and 1.5 additional hours of training .
METHODS	Study fidelity and process evaluation were assessed twice weekly via semi-structured questionnaire .
RESULTS	Only 56.6 % of SBS-PA and 75.2 % of UPA free playtimes lasted for 30 min ; 86.3 % of SBS-PA teachers implemented structured PA during the first 10 min of gross-motor playtime but only 67.2 % delivered the intervention as instructed .
RESULTS	Only 68.5 % of SBS-PA teachers implemented the 20-minute unstructured playtime .
RESULTS	SBS-PA teachers reported that time limitations was a major barrier in implementing the designed intervention .
RESULTS	Pre-post changes in PA did not differ between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Limited fidelity to intervention protocol likely impacted study findings .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies should focus on strategies to improve adherence among intervention leaders .

###25987694
OBJECTIVE	Advanced pancreatic cancer ( APC ) , in addition to its high mortality , accounts for the highest rates of venous thromboembolic events ( VTEs ) .
OBJECTIVE	Enoxaparin , a low-molecular weight heparin , is effective in prevention and treatment of VTEs .
OBJECTIVE	Some small studies have indicated that this benefit might extend to patients with cancer .
METHODS	Patients with histologically proven APC were randomly assigned to ambulant first-line chemotherapy and prophylactic use of enoxaparin or chemotherapy alone to investigate the probable reduction in symptomatic VTEs and the impact on survival .
RESULTS	A total of 312 patients were recruited as one of the protocol end points was reached .
RESULTS	Within the first 3 months , the numbers of symptomatic VTEs were as follows : 15 of 152 patients in the observation group and two of 160 patients in the enoxaparin group ( hazard ratio [ HR ] , 0.12 ; 95 % CI , 0.03 to 0.52 ; ( 2 ) P = .001 ) .
RESULTS	The numbers of major bleeding events were as follows : five of 152 patients in the observation arm and seven of 160 patients in the enoxaparin arm ( HR , 1.4 ; 95 % CI , 0.35 to 3.72 ; ( 2 ) P = 1.0 ) .
RESULTS	Overall cumulative incidence rates of symptomatic VTEs were 15.1 % ( observation ) and 6.4 % ( enoxaparin ; HR , 0.40 ; 95 % CI , 0.19 to 0.83 ; P = .01 ) .
RESULTS	Progression-free ( HR , 1.06 ; 95 % CI , 0.84 to 1.32 ; P = .64 ) and overall survival ( HR , 1.01 ; 95 % CI , 0.87 to 1.38 ; P = .44 ) did not differ between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	This study demonstrates the high efficacy and feasibility of primary pharmacologic prevention of symptomatic VTEs in outpatients with APC .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment efficacy was not affected by simultaneous treatment with enoxaparin in this trial setting .

###25022156
BACKGROUND	As spaceflight compromises skeletal muscle oxidative and aerobic work capacity , this study assessed the efficacy of resistance exercise ( RE ) to counteract muscle metabolic perturbations induced by 5 wk unilateral lower limb unloading ( UL ) .
METHODS	There were 21 men and women ( 30-56 yr ) who were randomly assigned to either UL with ( Group , Grp ; UL+RE ; N = 10 ) or without ( Grp UL ; N = 11 ) concurrent RE .
METHODS	Iso-inertial RE comprised four sets of seven maximal coupled concentric-eccentric knee extensions executed 2-3 times per week .
METHODS	Percutaneous biopsies were obtained from m. vastus lateralis before and after either intervention .
METHODS	Levels of mRNA expression of factors regulating skeletal muscle oxidative capacity i.e. , peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 ( PGC-1alpha ) and vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , and glycolytic capacity , i.e. , phosphofructokinase ( PFK ) , glycogen phosphorylase and synthase , hexokinase , and phosphorylase kinase alpha1 , were subsequently analyzed .
RESULTS	Grp UL showed decreased ( 36 % ) PGC-1alpha expression , increased ( 1.5-fold ) PFK expression , and a trend toward decreased VEGF post-intervention .
RESULTS	Grp UL+RE showed no changes .
CONCLUSIONS	These results suggest that 5 wk unloading reduces skeletal muscle oxidative capacity and increases glycolytic enzyme activity .
CONCLUSIONS	More importantly , only 12 bouts of high-force , low-volume resistance exercise attenuated these responses .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , the current resistance exercise paradigm emphasizing eccentric overload effectively counteracts unwarranted metabolic alterations induced by 5 wk unloading and may , therefore , aid in maintaining skeletal muscle integrity and endurance , and hence astronaut health and fitness during spaceflight .

###24454970
BACKGROUND	Anti-leishmanial drug regimens that include a single dose AmBisome could be suitable for eastern African patients with symptomatic visceral leishmaniasis ( VL ) but the appropriate single dose is unknown .
METHODS	A multi-centre , open-label , non-inferiority , randomized controlled trial with an adaptive design , was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of a single dose and multiple doses of AmBisome for the treatment of VL in eastern Africa .
METHODS	The primary efficacy endpoint was definitive cure ( DC ) at 6 months .
METHODS	Symptomatic patients with parasitologically-confirmed , non-severe VL , received a single dose of AmBisome 7.5 mg/kg body weight or multiple doses , 7 times 3 mg/kg on days 1-5 , 14 , and 21 .
METHODS	If interim analyses , evaluated 30 days after the start of treatment following 40 or 80 patients , showed the single dose gave significantly poorer parasite clearance than multiple doses at the 5 % significance level , the single dose was increased by 25 mg/kg .
METHODS	In a sub-set of patients , parasite clearance was measured by quantitative reverse transcriptase ( qRT ) PCR .
RESULTS	The trial was terminated after the third interim analysis because of low efficacy of both regimens .
RESULTS	Based on the intention-to-treat population , DC was 85 % ( 95 % CI 73-93 % ) , 40 % ( 95 % CI 19-64 % ) , and 58 % ( 95 % CI 41-73 % ) in patients treated with multiple doses ( n = 63 ) , and single doses of 75 ( n = 21 ) or 10 mg/kg ( n = 40 ) , respectively .
RESULTS	qRT-PCR suggested superior parasite clearance with multiple doses as early as day 3 .
RESULTS	Safety data accorded with the drug label .
CONCLUSIONS	The tested AmBisome regimens would not be suitable for VL treatment across eastern Africa .
CONCLUSIONS	An optimal single dose regimen was not identified .
BACKGROUND	www.clinicaltrials.govNCT00832208 .

###24534386
BACKGROUND	It is not clear whether Modic changes ( MC ) is associated with low back pain ( LBP ) outcome .
OBJECTIVE	To study associations between baseline degenerative manifestations and outcome in sick-listed LBP patients .
METHODS	Prospective nested cohort study based on a randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Out of 325 sick-listed LBP patients , 141 were consecutively examined by magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) and included and 140 completed the study .
METHODS	Degenerative manifestations of the lumbar spine were quantified ; associations were studied in relation to the three primary outcomes : change of back + leg pain , change of function as measured by Roland-Morris questionnaire , and 1-year unsuccessful return to work ( U-RTW ) .
METHODS	By using a previously validated MRI protocol , a specialist in radiology , who had no access to clinical data , described the images .
METHODS	Associations were studied by linear and logistic regression with adjustment for previously identified prognostic factors for 1-year pain and function and for U-RTW .
RESULTS	Clinically , 43 % of the patients had radiculopathy .
RESULTS	Degenerative changes were prevalent with altered disc contours in 84 % , high-intensity zones in 70 % , and nerve root touch or impingement in 63 % of the patients .
RESULTS	MC was identified in 60 % of the patients , 18 % with Type 1 changes and 42 % with Type 2 changes , Type 1 including both Type 1 and Type 1 in combination with Type 2 .
RESULTS	Patients with Type 1 changes reported more back pain and did not improve in pain or disability .
RESULTS	They increased to include 30 % of the patients with U-RTW at 1 year .
RESULTS	Patients with Type 2 changes did not differ significantly from patients without MC but differed significantly from patients with Type 1 changes in all three outcomes .
RESULTS	Other degenerative manifestations were not significantly associated with any of the three outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	The only degenerative manifestation negatively associated with outcome was Type 1 MC that affected 18 % of the cohort at baseline and implied an increased risk for no improvement in pain and function and for U-RTW , even after adjustment for other prognostic factors .

###25517194
BACKGROUND	Knowledge of the excess hospital costs and prolonged length of stay attributable to perioperative respiratory event ( PRE ) in pediatric anesthesia is useful for hospital planning .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we compared costs ( excess hospital costs and indirect costs ) and length of hospital stay between children who had PRE and did not have PRE for noncardiac surgery at a tertiary care hospital in southern Thailand .
METHODS	A prospective matched cohort study was conducted in children aged < 15 years who underwent general anesthesia between November 2012 and December 2013 at Songklanagarind Hospital .
METHODS	PRE children were matched with no PRE children ( 1:1 ) using a random selection procedure on outpatients/inpatients , type of surgery , surgical charge ( baht ) , ASA physical status , age difference < 9 years , and difference in time of surgery < 6 months .
METHODS	Primary end points were excess hospital costs and number of days hospitalized after surgery .
METHODS	Number of days hospitalized after surgery , excess hospital costs and indirect costs regarding transportation , and income loss of parents between groups were compared using Wilcoxon signed rank test .
METHODS	Any hospital stay after surgery between groups was compared using McNemar test .
METHODS	A hurdle model was used to predict any hospital stay and number of days hospitalized after surgery .
METHODS	Multiple mixed-effects linear regression was used to identify predictors of adjusted excess hospital costs and indirect costs .
RESULTS	A total 430 children were included ( 215 matched pairs ) .
RESULTS	More PRE children required hospital stay after surgery ( 81 % vs 72 % , P = 0.004 ) , and PRE children had a longer number of days hospitalized after surgery ( median [ interquartile ranges ] : 1 [ 1-3 .5 ] vs 1 [ 0-2 ] ; P < 0.001 ) and incurred higher excess costs ( P < 0.001 ) but not indirect costs ( P = 0.23 ) .
RESULTS	In multivariate analysis , PRE was a significant predictor for hospital stay after surgery ( odds ratio , 2.56 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.23-5 .31 ) , longer hospitalization ( count ratio , 2.10 [ 1.31-3 .35 ] ) , higher excess costs ( cost ratio , 1.30 [ 1.12-1 .53 ] ) , and indirect cost ( cost ratio , 1.58 [ 1.20-2 .08 ] ) after adjusting for patient and anesthesia characteristics .
RESULTS	Universal coverage ( 74 % ) was associated with 35 % and 64 % higher excess cost compared with the Comptroller General 's Department ( 17 % ) and self-pay ( 7 % ) , respectively ( P = 0.003 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The effects of PRE in pediatric anesthesia were hospital stay after surgery , 2 times longer hospitalization , 30 % higher excess hospital costs , and 58 % higher indirect cost among outpatients .
CONCLUSIONS	Hospital policy to efficiently manage hospital beds and compensatory budget should be developed .

###24994839
BACKGROUND	The level of evidence regarding the association between red and processed meat intakes and breast cancer risk is still low , due to insufficient prospective studies .
BACKGROUND	Moreover , mechanistic data suggest that some antioxidants may modulate this relationship but epidemiological evidence is lacking .
BACKGROUND	Our objectives were to investigate relationships between red and processed meat intakes and breast cancer risk , and to study whether an antioxidant supplementation modulates these associations , which , to our knowledge , has never been investigated before .
METHODS	The SU.VI.MAX study was a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial in which participants received a combination of low-dose antioxidants or a placebo from 1994 to 2002 .
METHODS	This observational prospective analysis included 4684 women among whom 190 developed a first incident breast cancer between 1994 and 2007 [ mean ( range ) follow-up = 11.3 ( 0-13 ) years ] .
METHODS	Baseline dietary data were assessed by repeated dietary records in 1994-1995 .
METHODS	Associations between quartiles of red and processed meat intakes and breast cancer risk were characterized by multivariate Cox proportional hazards models .
RESULTS	Breast cancer risk was directly associated with processed meat intake [ hazard ratio ( HR ) Q4vsQ1 = 1.45 ( 0.92-2 .27 ) , Ptrend = 0.03 ] and this association was stronger when excluding cooked ham [ HRQ4vsQ1 = 1.90 ( 1.18-3 .05 ) , Ptrend = 0.005 ] .
RESULTS	In stratified analyses , processed meat intake was directly associated with breast cancer risk in the placebo group only [ HRQ4vsQ1 = 2.46 ( 1.28-4 .72 ) , Ptrend = 0.001 ] , but not in the supplemented group [ HRQ4vsQ1 = 0.86 ( 0.45-1 .63 ) , Ptrend = 0.7 ] .
CONCLUSIONS	Processed meat intake was prospectively associated with increased breast cancer risk .
CONCLUSIONS	This study also suggests that antioxidants may modulate this association by counteracting the potential pro-carcinogenic effects of processed meat on breast cancer .

###24512053
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate long-term safety and efficacy of tofogliflozin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes as monotherapy or in combination with other oral antidiabetic agents , we conducted 52-week , open-label , randomized controlled trials .
METHODS	The single-agent trial included patients with inadequate glycemic control on diet and exercise , whereas the add-on trial included those uncontrolled with any of the oral antidiabetic agents .
METHODS	In both trials , patients were randomly assigned to receive tofogliflozin 20 or 40 mg once daily orally for 52 weeks .
METHODS	Safety assessments .
RESULTS	A total of 194 patients ( 65 , 20-mg group ; 129 , 40-mg group ) were enrolled into the single-agent trial , whereas 602 ( 178 and 424 , respectively ) were enrolled into the add-on trial .
RESULTS	Tofogliflozin was well tolerated for 52 weeks in both trials with < 6 % of treatment discontinuation because of adverse events in each treatment group .
RESULTS	It also reduced hemoglobin A1c .
RESULTS	In the single-agent trial , mean reductions at 52 weeks were 0.67 and 0.66 % in the 20 - and 40-mg groups , respectively .
RESULTS	In the add-on trial , mean reductions ranged from 0.71 to 0.93 % across the subgroups by dose and background therapy .
CONCLUSIONS	Tofogliflozin was well tolerated and showed sustained efficacy in both trials .

###26035186
BACKGROUND	This 8-week , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study , conducted August 2010-May 2012 in the United States , evaluated the safety and efficacy of vortioxetine 10 mg and 15 mg in patients with major depressive disorder ( MDD ) .
BACKGROUND	The mechanism of action of vortioxetine is thought to be related to direct modulation of serotonin ( 5-HT ) receptor activity and inhibition of the serotonin transporter .
METHODS	Adults aged 18-75 years with MDD ( DSM-IV-TR ) and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale ( MADRS ) total score 26 were randomized ( 1:1:1 ) to receive vortioxetine 10 mg or 15 mg or placebo once daily , with the primary efficacy end point being change from baseline at week 8 in MADRS analyzed by mixed model for repeated measures .
METHODS	Adverse events were recorded during the study , suicidal ideation and behavior were assessed using the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale ( C-SSRS ) , and sexual dysfunction was assessed using the Arizona Sexual Experience ( ASEX ) scale .
RESULTS	Of the 1,111 subjects screened , 469 subjects were randomized : 160 to placebo , 157 to vortioxetine 10 mg , and 152 to vortioxetine 15 mg .
RESULTS	Differences from placebo in the primary efficacy end point were not statistically significant for vortioxetine 10 mg or vortioxetine 15 mg .
RESULTS	Nausea , headache , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhea , vomiting , dizziness , and flatulence were reported in 5 % of subjects receiving vortioxetine .
RESULTS	Discontinuation due to adverse events occurred in 7 subjects ( 4.4 % ) in the placebo group , 8 ( 5.2 % ) in the vortioxetine 10 mg group , and 12 ( 7.9 % ) in the vortioxetine 15 mg group .
RESULTS	ASEX total scores were similar across groups .
RESULTS	There were no clinically significant trends within or between treatment groups on the C-SSRS , laboratory values , electrocardiogram , or vital sign parameters .
CONCLUSIONS	In this study , vortioxetine did not differ significantly from placebo on MADRS total score after 8 weeks of treatment in MDD subjects .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01179516 .

###25129967
OBJECTIVE	To examine the value of self-treatment for Posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo ( PC-BPPV ) .
OBJECTIVE	The treatment effect was compared between patients treated with modified Epley in outpatient clinic combined with self treatment at home and patients treated by modified Epley alone .
METHODS	A randomized controlled trial were carried out in the Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery , the Affiliated Sixth People 's Hospital of Shanghai Jiao Tong University from December 2012 to May 2013.147 out of 150 patients with unilateral idiopathic BPPV-PSC were enrolled in follow-up .
METHODS	Among which , 73 patients were allocated in modified Epley-alone group and 74 were allocated in slef-treatment group .
RESULTS	The success rate was 53.4 % in modified Epley-alone group vs 83.8 % in self-treatment group ( P < 0.01 ) after 1 week treatment .
RESULTS	In the modified Epley-alone group , the success rate of hand repositioning group and chair-assisted repositioning group was 45.9 % vs 61.1 % ( P > 0.05 ) , the risk rate was 0.752 , 95 % CI ( 0.486 - 1.163 ) .
RESULTS	In the self-treatment group , the success rate of hand repositioning group and chair-assisted repositioning group was 87.5 % vs 81.0 % ( P > 0.05 ) , the risk rate was 1.081 , 95 % CI ( 0.888-1 .316 ) .
RESULTS	Incidence rate of serious complications was 0 % in the modified Epley-alone group and 1.3 % in the self-treatment group ( P > 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Complementary self-treatment with modified Epley maneuver treated PC-BPPV sooner and more effectively , Compared with modified Epley maneuver alone .
CONCLUSIONS	And its incidence rate of serious complications did n't increase .
CONCLUSIONS	Chair-assisted repositioning showed better result than hand repositioning alone , and self-treatment at home can reduce the effect of the gap .
CONCLUSIONS	We found that complementary self-treatment with modified Epley maneuver had more benefits for patients with PC-BPPV .

###24824018
BACKGROUND	The use of isotonic electrolytic solutions for the intraoperative fluid management in children is largely recognized , but the exact composition still needs to be defined .
OBJECTIVE	The primary objective of this randomized controlled open trial was to compare the changes in chloride plasma concentration using two intraoperative isotonic fluid regimens ( Sterofundin vs. normal saline , both added with 1 % of glucose ) in children undergoing major surgery .
OBJECTIVE	Secondary objectives were to compare changes in other electrolytes , renal function , and the occurrence of hypoglycemia .
METHODS	Children aged between 1 and 36 months , scheduled for major surgery , were randomized to receive Sterofundin or saline during the intraoperative time .
METHODS	Children with preoperative electrolyte abnormalities , hemodynamic instability , and severe renal or hepatic dysfunction were excluded .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the of Cl ( - ) ( = change in plasma concentration between post - and pre-infusion ) , and secondary outcomes included of other electrolytes and intraoperative hypoglycemia .
RESULTS	A total of 240 patients were included in the two study sites and randomized to receive Sterofundin plus 1 % glucose or normal saline plus 1 % glucose , in a open fashion ( 229 were finally analyzed ) .
RESULTS	of Cl - and Mg + + was statistically less relevant in patients who received intraoperative Sterofundin , and of the other electrolytes was comparable between the two study groups .
RESULTS	Relative risk of hyperchloremia was significantly higher when large volumes were infused ( over than 46.7 mlkg ( -1 ) ) , regardless of type of crystalloid infused .
RESULTS	Hypoglycemia occurred in two of 229 patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Sterofundin is safer than normal saline in protecting young children undergoing major surgery against the risk of increasing plasma chlorides and the subsequent metabolic acidosis .

###24970876
OBJECTIVE	Treatment with azathioprine within 3 months of remission induction with cyclophosphamide is a common treatment strategy for patients with ANCA-associated vasculitis .
OBJECTIVE	This study comprised patients undergoing long-term follow-up who were randomly allocated to azathioprine after 3-6 months or after 12 months of cyclophosphamide treatment .
METHODS	Patients from 39 European centers between 1995 and 1997 with a new diagnosis of ANCA-associated vasculitis that involved the kidneys or another vital organ were eligible .
METHODS	At the time of diagnosis , participants were randomly allocated to convert to azathioprine after 3-6 months ( the azathioprine group ) or after 12 months of cyclophosphamide ( the cyclophosphamide group ) .
METHODS	Patients who did not achieve a remission within 6 months were excluded .
METHODS	This study assessed relapses , ESRD , and death during long-term follow-up .
RESULTS	Patients were allocated to the azathioprine group ( n = 71 ) and the cyclophosphamide group ( n = 73 ) .
RESULTS	Of these patients , 63 ( 43.8 % ) developed a relapse , 35 ( 24.3 % ) developed a renal relapse , 13 ( 9.0 % ) developed ESRD , and 21 ( 14.6 % ) died .
RESULTS	Although there were worse outcomes in the azathioprine group , none were statistically significant .
RESULTS	The subdistribution hazard ratio [ sHR ] for relapse was 1.63 ( 95 % confidence interval [ 95 % CI ] , 0.99 to 2.71 ) , the composite of relapse or death hazard ratio [ HR ] was 1.59 ( 95 % CI , 1.00 to 2.54 ) , the ESRD sHR was 1.71 ( 95 % CI , 0.56 to 5.19 ) , and the death HR was 0.75 ( 95 % CI , 0.32 to 1.79 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	It remains uncertain whether converting to azathioprine after 3-6 months of induction cyclophosphamide therapy is as effective as converting after 12 months .
CONCLUSIONS	Outcomes are still poor for this group of patients and further research is required to determine the optimal timing of maintenance therapy .

###24520780
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Chinese medicine ( CM ) intervention in the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) from liver enzyme ( ALT ) , imaging ( the liver/spleen CT ratio ) and syndrome scores , and to establish standard methods for diagnosis and therapeutic efficacy evaluation with characteristics of CM .
METHODS	A multi-center , stratified randomized , parallel controlled , blindness-method evaluated , superiority trial was performed .
METHODS	Totally 204 patients were randomly allocated into two groups , 102 patients in the experimental group ( treated with CM ) and 102 patients in the control group [ treated with Western medicine ( WM ) ] .
METHODS	The alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) , liver/spleen CT ratio , and clinical symptoms were observed in both groups .
RESULTS	Of the randomly allocated 204 cases from 4 hospitals , 3 patients were rejected , and 25 were lost .
RESULTS	Totally 176 cases con - formed to the plan with complete follow-ups .
RESULTS	After 3 months of treatment , syndrome scores and the improvement of partial clinical symptoms ( fatigue and sallow complexion ) were superior in the experimental group to those in the control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	After 3 months of follow-up , the syndrome scores and improvement of partial clinical symptoms ( fatigue and sallow complexion ) were superior in the experimental group to those in the control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	There was no statistical difference in improving liver enzymes or the liver/spleen CT ratio between the two groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	There were 4 adverse reactions/adverse events in the two groups in the process of treatment , mainly covering drug-induced liver injury , diarrhea , and epigastric distension .
RESULTS	Adverse reactions had nothing to do with CM treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	Jianpi Shugan Recipe had obvious efficacy in treatment of NASH .
CONCLUSIONS	It could remove the liver fat and play a role in anti-inflammation and liver protection .
CONCLUSIONS	It also could improve the indices of liver enzymes and the liver/spleen CT ratio effectively , which was superior to Polyene Phosphatidylcholine Capsule ( PPC ) in improving clinical symptoms , especially for such symptoms as fatigue and sallow complexion .

###24484726
BACKGROUND	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) is a chronic inflammatory disease mediated by an array of inflammatory cells and mediators , but above all , CD8 + T-lymphocytes , macrophages and neutrophils are important players in disease pathogenesis .
BACKGROUND	Roflumilast , a first-in-class , potent and selective phosphodiesterase 4 ( PDE4 ) inhibitor , reduces the rate of exacerbations in patients with a high risk of future exacerbations and has been shown to reduce inflammatory cells and mediators in induced sputum , a surrogate of airway inflammation .
BACKGROUND	However , these anti-inflammatory effects are yet to be confirmed in another robust study directly assessing inflammatory markers in bronchial sub-mucosa .
METHODS	An international , 16-week , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group study investigating the effects of roflumilast 500 g once-daily versus placebo on inflammatory parameters in bronchial biopsy tissue specimens , sputum and blood serum .
METHODS	One hundred and fifty patients with COPD and chronic bronchitis for at least 12 months will be recruited into the study and randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either roflumilast or placebo .
METHODS	The primary endpoint will be the number of CD8 + cells ( cell counts per mm2 ) in bronchial biopsy tissue specimens ( sub-mucosa ) and the key secondary endpoint will be the number of CD68 + cells ( cell counts per mm2 ) , assessed by indirect immunohistochemistry .
CONCLUSIONS	It is hypothesized that treatment with roflumilast reduces the characteristic inflammation found in the airways of patients with moderate-to-severe COPD , compared with placebo .
CONCLUSIONS	The design of the present study has built on the work of previous bronchial biopsy studies available in the literature .
CONCLUSIONS	It is hoped that it will reveal the cellular mechanisms underlying the anti-inflammatory effects of roflumilast and identify potentially important biomarkers and other surrogate endpoints in patients with COPD .
CONCLUSIONS	The design and rationale for this trial are described herein .

###24767604
BACKGROUND	Obesity during pregnancy is associated with adverse outcomes for the offspring and mother .
BACKGROUND	Lifestyle interventions in pregnancy such as antenatal exercise , are proposed to improve both short - and long-term health of mother and child .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesise that regular moderate-intensity exercise during the second half of pregnancy will result in improved maternal and offspring outcomes , including a reduction in birth weight and adiposity in the offspring , which may be protective against obesity in later life .
METHODS	The IMPROVE ( Improving Maternal and Progeny Risks of Obesity Via Exercise ) study is a two-arm parallel randomised controlled clinical trial being conducted in Auckland , New Zealand .
METHODS	Overweight and obese women ( BMI 25kg/m2 ) aged 18-40 years , with a singleton pregnancy of < 20weeks of gestation , from the Auckland region , are eligible for the trial .
METHODS	Exclusion criteria are ongoing smoking or medical contra-indications to antenatal exercise.Participants are randomised with 1:1 allocation ratio to either intervention or control group , using computer-generated randomisation sequences in variable block sizes , stratified on ethnicity and parity , after completion of baseline assessments .
METHODS	The intervention consists of a 16-week structured home-based moderate-intensity exercise programme utilising stationary cycles and heart rate monitors , commencing at 20 weeks of gestation .
METHODS	The control group do not receive any exercise intervention .
METHODS	Both groups undergo regular fetal ultrasonography and receive standard antenatal care .
METHODS	Due to the nature of the intervention , participants are un-blinded to group assignment during the trial.The primary outcome is offspring birth weight .
METHODS	Secondary offspring outcomes include fetal and neonatal body composition and anthropometry , neonatal complications and cord blood metabolic markers .
METHODS	Maternal outcomes include weight gain , pregnancy and delivery complications , aerobic fitness , quality of life , metabolic markers and post-partum body composition .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of this trial will provide valuable insights on the effects of antenatal exercise on health outcomes in overweight and obese mothers and their offspring .
BACKGROUND	Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12612000932864 .

###26087573
OBJECTIVE	This randomized clinical trial assessed the effect of three different prosthetic abutments ( titanium , gold-hue titanium and zirconia ) on peri-implant soft tissue 2 years after treatment in partially edentulous subjects .
METHODS	Baseline data concerning ( 1 ) thickness of the buccal peri-implant soft tissue , ( 2 ) soft tissue thickness above the bone crest , ( 3 ) depth/length of transmucosal pathway , and ( 4 ) periodontal biotype at adjacent teeth were collected .
METHODS	The final sample consisted of 47 subjects ( 21 males , 26 females ) with a total of 97 implants .
METHODS	A two-level ( patient , implant ) statistical model was applied .
RESULTS	At the 2-year clinical observation , recession of the gingival margin was observed only at 13 % of implants irrespective of the type of abutment .
RESULTS	No significant correlation between periodontal biotype at adjacent teeth and peri-implant biotype was observed .
RESULTS	Furthermore , none of the investigated variables at patient level ( age , gender , implant type , periodontal biotype ) or at implant level ( keratinized tissue thickness , probing depth , soft tissue thickness ) was identified as a significant predictor of recession .
RESULTS	In conclusion , this study pointed out that ( 1 ) abutment type was not able to influence peri-implant variables after 2 years , and ( 2 ) caution should be used in considering periodontal biotype at patient level as a possible indicator of the future peri-implant biotype .

###25213203
BACKGROUND	Transient post-ischemic LV dysfunction due to myocardial stunning in patients with coronary artery disease can be missed by conventional gated SPECT ( GSPECT ) acquisitions .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this IAEA-sponsored multi-center study was to determine whether early post-exercise imaging is more likely to detect stunning than conventional without adversely affecting image quality or perfusion information .
RESULTS	Patients undergoing exercise/rest GSPECT were enrolled in this international multicenter study .
RESULTS	Post-exercise studies were acquired at 15 5 minutes after radiotracer injection ( Stress-1 ) and repeated at 60 15 minutes ( Stress-2 ) .
RESULTS	Rest studies ( R ) were acquired at 60 minutes post injection .
RESULTS	A core laboratory quantitatively assessed perfusion pattern and LV blinded to the acquisition time .
RESULTS	Ischemia was defined as summed stress score ( SDS ) 4 , and stunning was defined as the difference between rest and post-stress LVEF ( - LVEF ) .
RESULTS	In the 229 patients enrolled into the study , both image quality and perfusion information were similar between Stress-1 and Stress-2 .
RESULTS	Post-stress LVEF was associated with both ischemia and time of acquisition , with a significant correlation between SDS and - LVEF , which was stronger at Stress-1 than Stress-2 in the ischemic compared to the non-ischemic population ( r = 0.23 vs 0.08 , P = 0.10 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Early post-exercise imaging is feasible , and can potentially improve the detection of post-ischemic stunning without compromising image quality and perfusion data .

###24719123
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to evaluate and compare the long-term clinical outcomes of the spot drug-eluting stent ( DES ) implantation strategy , which is used to minimize implanted stent length and the number of stents , versus full lesion coverage for treatment of coronary artery stenoses .
METHODS	We evaluated 1-year clinical outcomes of 1619 patients with stent implantation for a single coronary lesion .
METHODS	They were divided into two groups : those treated by full lesion coverage ( n = 1200 ) and those treated with the spot stenting strategy ( n = 419 ) .
METHODS	The combined occurrence of 1-year target vessel failure ( TVF ) , including cardiac death , target-vessel related myocardial infarction , or ischemia-driven target-vessel revascularization was evaluated .
RESULTS	The spot DES implantation group had a shorter stent length ( 23.149.70 mm vs. 25.4413.24 mm , respectively ; p < 0.001 ) and a fewer number of stents ( 1.090.30 vs. 1.160.41 , respectively ; p < 0.001 ) , even though the average lesion length was similar to the full lesion coverage group ( 21.3610.30 mm vs. 20.5810.97 mm , respectively ; p = 0.206 ) .
RESULTS	Spot DES implantation was superior to full DES coverage with respect to 1-year TVF ( 1.4 % vs. 3.3 % , p = 0.044 ) .
RESULTS	Cox proportional hazard model analysis showed that the risk for 1-year TVF was almost 60 % lower among patients who received spot DESs compared to those who received full DES coverage after adjustment for other risk factors ( HR = 0.40 , 95 % confidence interval = 0.17-0 .98 ; p = 0.046 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Minimizing stent length and the number of stents with overlapping by spot DES implantation may result in reduced rates of 1-year TVF , compared with full DES coverage .

###25060610
OBJECTIVE	To compare pro re nata ( PRN ) and monthly injections of 0.5 mg ranibizumab in retinal vein occlusion ( RVO ) patients stabilized by monthly injections .
METHODS	Randomized , open-label , vision-examiner masked , 15-month study .
METHODS	Subjects with macular edema secondary to branch or central RVO .
METHODS	Subjects received monthly injections of 0.5 mg ranibizumab for 7 months and those meeting stability criteria between months 7 and 14 were randomized ( 1:1 ) to PRN injections versus continued monthly injections .
METHODS	Non-randomized ( NR ) subjects ( never met stability criteria ) received monthly injections .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the slope of change in best-corrected visual acuity ( BCVA ) between months 7 and 15 .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in the slope of change in BCVA between months 7 and 15 in patients treated PRN versus those treated with monthly injections ( P = 0.509 ) .
RESULTS	Mean ( standard deviation ) change from baseline BCVA in Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study letter score at month 15 was 21.0 14.1 in the PRN group ( n = 82 ) versus 18.7 14.1 in the monthly group ( n = 80 ) and 14.5 14.7 in NR subjects ( n = 13 ) .
RESULTS	The percentage of subjects who achieved BCVA 20/40 at month 15 was 76.8 % in the PRN group , 71.3 % in the monthly group , and 46.2 % in NR subjects .
RESULTS	The mean ( standard deviation ) change from baseline central subfield thickness was -247.8 207.5 m in the PRN group , -289.9 177.2 m in the monthly group , and -93.2 225.2 m in NR subjects .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in mean BCVA gains or central subfield thickness reductions at month 15 between the PRN and monthly injection groups ( all > 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	After edema resolution from 7 or more monthly ranibizumab injections in RVO subjects , visual outcomes at month 15 were excellent and not significantly different in subjects treated PRN versus those who continued monthly injections .

###25193534
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether a 3-month contraceptive vaginal ring ( CVR ) delivering ulipristal acetate ( UPA ) can inhibit ovulation in 90 % of cycles .
METHODS	This was a randomized dose-finding parallel group clinical trial .
METHODS	Fifty-five healthy women with normal ovulation at baseline were randomized to receive a low-dose ( 1500 g/day ) or a high-dose ( 2500 g/day ) UPA-CVR for two consecutive 12-week treatment periods , followed by a recovery cycle .
METHODS	A subgroup of women received levonorgestrel ( LNG ) 1.5 mg orally twice ( at the end of both 12-week ring periods ) or once ( at the end of the 24-week treatment ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome was ovulation suppression assessed by transvaginal ultrasound and hormone levels .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included endometrial safety and bleeding patterns .
RESULTS	All subjects showed normal ovulation at baseline and recovery .
RESULTS	Ovulation suppression was seen in 81.8 % ( 95 % CI : 73.3 % , 88.5 % ) and 86.1 % ( 95 % CI : 78.1 % , 92 % ) of treatment cycles with low and high-dose , respectively .
RESULTS	Benign progesterone receptor modulator associated endometrial changes ( PAEC ) were seen during treatment ; 78.8 % at week 24 , but resolved at recovery cycle .
RESULTS	A few cases of heavy bleeding occurred near the end of the 24-week treatment , but a single dose of LNG every 12 weeks reduced the increase in endometrial thickness during the second treatment period and prevented excessive bleeding .
CONCLUSIONS	The 3-month UPA-CVR may become an effective long-acting , user-controlled estrogen-free contraceptive .
CONCLUSIONS	The greatest suppression of ovulation was seen with the 2500-g/day ring .
CONCLUSIONS	The 3-month CVR delivering UPA 2500 g/day can become an effective user-controlled estrogen-free contraceptive method .
CONCLUSIONS	Benign PAEC during treatment returns to normal after discontinuation .
CONCLUSIONS	The prevention of occasional excessive withdrawal bleeding , either by a progestin or by using higher UPA levels to increase follicle suppression may permit prolonged treatment .

###25416687
BACKGROUND	Docetaxel/cisplatin/infusional 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ; DCF ) is a standard chemotherapy regimen for patients with advanced gastric cancer ( GC ) .
BACKGROUND	This phase II study evaluated docetaxel/oxaliplatin ( TE ) , docetaxel/oxaliplatin/5-FU ( TEF ) , and docetaxel/oxaliplatin/capecitabine ( TEX ) in patients with advanced GC .
METHODS	Patients with metastatic or locally recurrent gastric adenocarcinoma ( including carcinoma of the gastro-oesophageal junction ) were randomly assigned ( 1 : 1 : 1 ) to TE , TEF , or TEX. .
METHODS	Each regimen was tested at two doses before full evaluation at optimized dose levels .
METHODS	The primary end point was progression-free survival ( PFS ) .
METHODS	Overall survival ( OS ) , tumour response , and safety were also assessed .
METHODS	A therapeutic index ( median PFS relative to the incidence of febrile neutropenia ) was calculated for each regimen and compared with DCF ( historical data ) .
RESULTS	Overall , 248 patients were randomly assigned to receive optimized dose treatment .
RESULTS	Median PFS was longer with TEF ( 7.66 [ 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) : 6.97-9 .40 ] months ) versus TE ( 4.50 [ 3.68-5 .32 ] months ) and TEX ( 5.55 [ 4.30-6 .37 ] months ) .
RESULTS	Median OS was 14.59 ( 95 % CI : 11.70-21 .78 ) months for TEF versus 8.97 ( 7.79-10 .87 ) months for TE and 11.30 ( 8.08-14 .03 ) months for TEX. .
RESULTS	The rate of tumour response ( complete or partial ) was 46.6 % ( 95 % CI 35.9-57 .5 ) for TEF versus 23.1 % ( 14.3-34 .0 ) for TE and 25.6 % ( 16.6-36 .4 ) for TEX. .
RESULTS	The frequency and type of adverse events ( AEs ) were similar across the three arms .
RESULTS	Common grade 3/4 AEs were fatigue ( 21 % ) , sensory neuropathy ( 14 % ) , and diarrhoea ( 13 % ) .
RESULTS	Febrile neutropenia was reported in 2 % ( TEF ) , 14 % ( TE ) , and 9 % ( TEX ) of patients .
RESULTS	The therapeutic index was improved with TEF versus TEX , TE , or DCF .
CONCLUSIONS	These results suggest that TEF is worthy of evaluation as an arm in a phase III trial or as a backbone regimen for new targeted agents in advanced GC .
CONCLUSIONS	CLINICALTRIALS.GOV : Identifier Trial registration number : NCT00382720 .

###24418365
BACKGROUND	Procollagen 1 amino-terminal propeptide ( P1NP ) is a bone formation marker and has been shown to have a strong association with the extent of bone metastases ( BM ) in patients with advanced prostate cancer .
BACKGROUND	More recently , its levels were found to be affected by androgen deprivation therapies and bisphosphonates .
BACKGROUND	We investigated the role of P1NP as a surrogate marker of sub-radiological skeletal metastases in prostate cancer patients with biochemical failure ( BF ) .
METHODS	BePrepared is a prospective longitudinal substudy of RADAR trial in which serial P1NPs were collected at regular intervals for 123 patients who had completed RADAR protocol treatment .
RESULTS	There was no trend identified in P1NP levels prior to diagnosis of BM .
RESULTS	We found that there was no difference in P1NP concentrations at the time of diagnosis of BM in the group that developed BM compared with P1NP levels in groups with only nodal metastases or BF .
RESULTS	In the group of patients who did not experience BF , P1NP was affected by previous luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone-agonist and bisphosphonate therapy .
RESULTS	Hence , patients who received an 18-month course of androgen deprivation without bisphosphonates had significantly higher P1NP values than patients with shorter androgen deprivation therapy ( ADT ) course combined with a course of bisphosphonates .
CONCLUSIONS	P1NP is not a sensitive serum marker of early BM in high-risk prostate cancer patients with BF and low prostate-specific antigen levels as its levels are affected by prior history of bone remodelling therapies such as ADT and bisphosphonates .

###24736197
OBJECTIVE	Postmenopausal bone loss can be exacerbated by environmental contaminants , including the heavy metal cadmium ( Cd ) .
OBJECTIVE	We hypothesized that incorporating phosphorus ( P ) into the diet would lead to the chelation of Cd into P , preventing its absorption and subsequent bone loss .
METHODS	To test this hypothesis , we used ovariectomized rats as a model of postmenopausal osteoporosis to examine the deleterious effects of Cd on bone with and without added P. Fifty 3-month-old ovariectomized Sprague-Dawley rats were assigned to five treatment groups ( n = 10 per group ) for 3 months as follows : ( 1 ) control ; ( 2 ) 50 ppm Cd ; ( 3 ) 50 ppm Cd plus 1.2 % P ; ( 4 ) 200 ppm Cd ; and ( 5 ) 200 ppm Cd plus 1.2 % P.
RESULTS	Cd plus P caused a significant loss of whole body ( P = 0.0001 and P < 0.001 ) and femoral ( P = 0.0005 and P < 0.001 ) bone mineral density ( BMD ) and bone mineral content , respectively , and a loss of fourth lumbar vertebra BMD and bone mineral content ( P < 0.0001 and P < 0.001 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Nonetheless , 200 ppm Cd plus 1.2 % P had the most deleterious effects on whole body and femoral BMD .
RESULTS	For femoral neck microstructural properties , 50 ppm Cd plus 1.2 % P caused an increase in trabecular separation , whereas 200 ppm Cd plus 1.2 % P caused a decrease in bone volume-to-total volume ratio , a decrease in trabecular number , and an increase in trabecular separation and structural model index .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings indicate that Cd exposure , along with high intake of P , may be a public health hazard with respect to bone health .

###24812894
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of integrative medical program based on blood cooling and detoxification recipe ( BCDR ) in treating patients with hepatitis B virus related acute-on-chronic liver failure ( HBV-ACLF ) of heat-toxicity accumulation syndrome ( HTAS ) .
METHODS	Adopting randomized controlled clinical design , a total of 105 HBV-ACLF patients of HTAS were randomly assigned to the trial group ( 64 cases ) and the control group ( 41 cases ) .
METHODS	Patients in the control group were treated with comprehensive Western therapy , while those in the trial group were treated with comprehensive Western therapy plus BCDR .
METHODS	All were treated for 8 weeks and followed up for 40 weeks .
METHODS	Effect and safety of the treatment were assessed , including fatality , liver functions [ total bilirubin ( TBIL ) , albumin ( ALB ) , alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) , and aspartate transaminase ( AST ) ] , and prothrombin activity ( PTA ) after treatment and at week 48 of follow-ups .
RESULTS	After 8-week treatment , there was statistical difference in the overall fatality rate ( 15.63 % vs 34.15 % ) , the fatality rate in the mid-term ( 25.0 % vs 64.7 % ) , TBIL at week 8 ( 64.54 + / - 79.75 ) , AST [ at week 2 : ( 178.97 + / - 44.24 ) U/L vs ( 288.48 + / - 58.49 ) U/L ; at week 4 : ( 61.65 + / - 27.36 ) U/L vs ( 171.12 + / - 89.11 ) U/L ] and PTA [ at week 4 : ( 58.30 + / - 15.29 ) vs ( 42.56 + / - 15.27 ) ; at week 6 : ( 60.77 + / - 20.40 ) vs ( 43.08 + / - 12.79 ) ] ( all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	At week 48 of the followup , the fatality rate of the trial group ( 21.88 % ) decreased by 17.14 % when compared with that of the control group ( 39.02 % ; P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	No obvious adverse event occurred in the two groups during the 8-week treatment period .
CONCLUSIONS	BCDR could significantly reduce the mortality of HBV-ACLF patients .

###24906838
OBJECTIVE	This study was conducted for the nutritional assessment of cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy ( RT ) and to investigate the changes in nutrition status , oral intake , morbidity and quality of life ( QOL ) in cancer patients after intensive nutrition counseling .
METHODS	Eighty-seven cancer patients were randomized to either a nutrition counseling group ( n = 44 , age 58.02.2 years ) or a control group ( n = 43 , 62.01.8 years ) .
METHODS	Nutrition counseling accompanied RT , and the subjects received at least three sessions of individualized dietary counseling over the duration of RT. .
METHODS	Assessment parameters were nutritional intake ( 24-h recall method ) , nutritional status Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment ( PG-SGA ) , QOL and blood parameters including albumin .
METHODS	All parameters were measured at baseline , at the end of RT , and 1 month after the termination of RT. .
RESULTS	Body weight , body mass index ( BMI ) , and energy and protein intake for the intervention and control groups did not differ significantly between baseline and the end of RT. .
RESULTS	However , at 1 month follow-up , protein intake was significantly decreased in the control group ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Blood albumin , total protein ( TP ) , total lymphocyte count ( TLC ) were not different between the two groups .
RESULTS	According to PG-SGA stage , at 1 month follow-up , patients in the intervention group showed increased number of patients with stage A status ( well nourished ) .
RESULTS	In addition , insomnia and nausea was significantly improved in the intervention group assessed by QOL .
CONCLUSIONS	We suggest that repetitive and intensive nutritional counseling is necessary to improve QOL and to prevent deterioration of nutritional status in cancer patients receiving RT. .

###25371347
BACKGROUND	Gentamicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that is highly effective in treating Gram-negative infections , but inappropriate use leads to toxicity .
BACKGROUND	In 2010 , the Australian Therapeutic Guidelines ( Antibiotic ) were revised to recommend the use of computerised methods to individualise dosing of gentamicin and optimise therapy , rather than traditional nomogram approaches .
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether gentamicin prescribing was compliant with the Australian Therapeutic Guidelines , version 14 ( 2010 ) in a setting where computerised dose recommendation resources and computerised decision support were available , and to determine why the resources were effective or ineffective in achieving compliance to guidelines .
METHODS	During phase 1 , a retrospective audit of gentamicin prescribing from 1 January 2012 to 31 December 2012 ( n = 826 ) at a 320-bed teaching hospital in Sydney was undertaken .
METHODS	In phase 2 , 12 doctors from specialties with high-volume prescribing of gentamicin were interviewed .
RESULTS	Intravenous gentamicin was used in 545 cases , 81 % of which were for short-term therapy ( 48h ) .
RESULTS	Doctors feared inducing toxicity in patients , but limited the dose rather than altering the dosing interval according to renal function .
RESULTS	Of the ` continued ' dosing cases , 55 % went unmonitored and the computerised dose recommendation service was rarely used .
RESULTS	Doctors were unaware of its availability despite electronic alerts accompanying prescriptions of gentamicin .
CONCLUSIONS	In comparison with the national guidelines , there was significant under-dosing and monitoring practices were haphazard .
CONCLUSIONS	Computerised electronic alerts were ineffective in informing users .
CONCLUSIONS	To improve prescribing practices , we recommend exploring alternative computerised decision support approaches ( e.g. pre-written orders ) and more pervasive and persuasive implementation strategies .

###24970570
BACKGROUND	The construction of a colostomy is a common procedure , but the evidence for the different parts of the construction of the colostomy is lacking .
BACKGROUND	Parastomal hernia is a common complication of colostomy formation .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study is to standardise the colostomy formation and to compare three types of colostomy formation ( one including a mesh ) regarding the development of parastomal hernia .
METHODS	Stoma-Const is a Scandinavian randomised trial comparing three types of colostomy formation .
METHODS	The primary endpoint is parastomal herniation as shown by clinical examination or CT scan within one year .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints are re-admission rate , postoperative complications ( classified according to Clavien-Dindo ) , stoma-related complications ( registered in the case record form at stoma care nurse follow-up ) , total length of hospital stay during 12months , health-related quality of life and health economic analysis as well as re-operation rate and mortality within 30days and 12months of primary surgery .
METHODS	Follow-up is scheduled at 4-6 weeks , and 6 and 12months .
METHODS	Inclusion is set at 240 patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Parastomal hernia is a common complication after colostomy formation .
CONCLUSIONS	Several studies have been performed with the aim to reduce the rate of this complication .
CONCLUSIONS	However , none are fully conclusive and data on quality of life and health economy are lacking .
CONCLUSIONS	The aim of this study is to develop new standardised techniques for colostomy formation and evaluate this with patient reported outcomes as well as clinical and radiological assessment .
BACKGROUND	Clinicaltrials.gov , NCT01694238.2012-09-24 .

###25659828
BACKGROUND	Zonisamide has been associated with weight loss in children and adults .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effects of adjunctive zonisamide on weight and body mass index ( BMI ) in children with partial epilepsy .
METHODS	A subanalysis was conducted of a Phase III trial and extension study , in which children with partial epilepsy received adjunctive zonisamide ( target dose 8 mg/kg/day ; maximum 500 mg/day ) .
METHODS	Changes in weight were correlated with skeletal development and sexual maturation .
RESULTS	Overall , 179 children ( 93 male , 86 female ; age 6-18 years ) received zonisamide ( mean duration 370.6 days ) .
RESULTS	Weight loss 5 % was reported for 64 of 179 ( 35.8 % ) zonisamide-treated children .
RESULTS	Of these , 46.9 % were overweight/obese at study entry , compared with 23.4 % at study end ( P = 0.0007 ) ; 48.4 % had normal weight at study entry , compared with 65.6 % at study end ( P = 0.03 ) .
RESULTS	Three patients were underweight at study entry , and four more became underweight by study end .
RESULTS	No consistent correlations between weight loss and skeletal development or sexual maturation were observed .
CONCLUSIONS	Approximately one-third of children treated with zonisamide experienced 5 % weight loss .
CONCLUSIONS	Weight loss was most apparent in children with high baseline BMI values and did not appear to be associated with any consistent effects on growth and development .

###24238498
BACKGROUND	A multi-center large scale study is needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of domestic peritoneal dialysis ( PD ) solutions .
BACKGROUND	Some researchers believe that 6 L/d is enough for adequate dialysis , but there is no multi-center prospective study on Chinese population to confirm this .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we evaluated the efficacy and safety of domestic PD solution ( Changfu ) and its difference between 6 L and 8 L dosage .
METHODS	Adult PD patients who had taken PD therapy for at least one month were selected and divided into four groups according to two dialysis solution brands and two dialysis dosages , i.e. , 6 L dose with Changfu dialysis solution , 6 L dose with Baxter dialysis solution , 8 L dose with Changfu dialysis solution , and 8 L dose with Baxter dialysis solution .
METHODS	After 48 weeks , the changes of primary and secondary efficacy indices were compared between different types and different dosages .
METHODS	We also analyzed the changes of safety indices .
RESULTS	Changes of Kt/V from baseline to 48 weeks between Changfu and Baxter showed no statistical differences ; so did those of creatinine clearance rate ( Ccr ) .
RESULTS	Normalized protein catabolic rate ( nPCR ) from baseline to 48 weeks between Changfu and Baxter showed no statistical differences ; so did those of net ultrafiltration volume ( nUF ) and estimated glomerular filtration rate ( eGFR ) .
RESULTS	Changes of nPCR from baseline to 48 weeks between 6 L and 8 L showed no statistical differences ; so did those of nUF and eGFR .
RESULTS	The decline of Kt/V from baseline to 48 weeks in 6 L group was more than that in 8 L group .
RESULTS	Change of Ccr was similar .
RESULTS	During the 48-week period , the mean Kt/V was above 1.7 / w , and mean Ccr was above 50 L1 .73 m ( -2 ) w ( -1 ) .
RESULTS	More adverse events were found in Changfu group before Changfu Corporation commenced technology optimization , and the statistical differences disappeared after that .
CONCLUSIONS	The domestic PD solution ( Changfu ) was proven to be as effective as Baxter dialysis solution .
CONCLUSIONS	During 48-week period , a dosage of 6 L/d was enough for these patients to reach adequate PD .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinical study promotes technological optimization , further helps to improve the safety indices of the medical products .

###25497165
OBJECTIVE	To assess and compare efficacy , pain , and the learning curve associated with diagnostic therapeutic hysteroscopy using mechanical tissue removal versus bipolar electrical resection in the management of endometrial polyps in an ambulatory care setting .
METHODS	A randomized controlled clinical trial ( Canadian Task Force classification I ) .
METHODS	Hospital de Igulada , Barcelona , Spain .
METHODS	A total of 133 patients diagnosed with endometrial polyp ( s ) were included and randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 hysteroscopic methods .
METHODS	Criteria assessed were total hysteroscopy time , full polypectomy procedure time , pain experienced by patients , and learning curve of staff in training .
RESULTS	The average time to perform total hysteroscopy using the mechanical tissue removal system ( TRUCLEAR 5.0 System ; Smith & Nephew Inc. , Andover , MD ) was 6 minutes 49 seconds versus 11 minutes 37 seconds required for the bipolar electrosurgery system ( GYNECARE VERSAPOINT ; Ethicon Inc , Somerville , NJ ) ( p < .01 ) .
RESULTS	Results for complete polypectomy time favored the TRUCLEAR System at 3 minutes 7 seconds over the VERSAPOINT System at 8 minutes 25 seconds ( p < .01 ) .
RESULTS	If a successful procedure is predicated on access to cavity , visualization , and complete resection and excision of endometrial polyp , the mechanical TRUCLEAR Tissue Removal System shows a higher success rate than the VERSAPOINT Bipolar Electrosurgery System at 92 % and 77 % , respectively .
RESULTS	Analysis of pain using the visual analog scale revealed no significant differences between the 2 techniques ( p > .05 ) .
RESULTS	A study of the residents ' learning curve showed a higher level of autonomy with hysteroscopy using the TRUCLEAR Tissue Removal System with which residents showed a higher level of confidence compared with hysteroscopy with the VERSAPOINT Bipolar Electrosurgery System .
CONCLUSIONS	In hysteroscopic polypectomy , the mechanical tissue removal system was significantly faster , achieved a greater success rate for complete polypectomy , and required a shorter learning curve from staff being trained in the management of endometrial polyps when compared with bipolar electrical resection .

###24511099
BACKGROUND	Complicated skin and skin structure infections ( cSSSIs ) are characterized by infections with gram-positive or gram-negative aerobic or anaerobic bacteria , as well as by a polymicrobial etiology .
BACKGROUND	These invading microorganisms are recognized by pattern-recognition receptors ( PRRs ) of the innate immune system .
BACKGROUND	This study assessed whether genetic variation in genes encoding PRRs influences the susceptibility to cSSSIs .
METHODS	A total of 318 patients with cSSSI and 328 healthy controls were genotyped for 9 nonsynonymous single-nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in PRR genes coding for Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) 1 , 2 , 4 , and 6 ; NOD-like receptor 2 ; and the signaling adaptor molecule TIRAP .
METHODS	Associations between susceptibility to cSSSIs and a SNP were investigated by means of logistic regression models .
METHODS	In an additional cohort of 74 healthy individuals in whom the same SNPs were genotyped , peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) were obtained and stimulated with Staphylococcus aureus .
METHODS	Interleukin 6 concentrations were determined in supernatants by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay to determine the correlation between genotypes and levels of IL-6 secretion .
RESULTS	In the genetic association analysis , polymorphisms in TLR1 ( S248N and R80T ) , TLR2 ( P631H ) , and TLR6 ( P249S ) were associated with an increased susceptibility to cSSSIs .
RESULTS	No association with susceptibility to cSSSIs was observed for polymorphisms TLR2 ( R753Q ) , TLR4 ( D299G and T399I ) , NOD2 ( P268S ) , and TIRAP ( S180L ) .
RESULTS	In the functional analysis , individuals bearing the TLR1 248N or 80T allele showed lower IL-6 secretion upon stimulation with S. aureus .
CONCLUSIONS	Polymorphisms in TLR1 , TLR2 , and TLR6 are associated with increased susceptibility to cSSSIs .
CONCLUSIONS	For TLR1 , impaired proinflammatory cytokine production due to the polymorphism is most likely the mechanism mediating this effect .

###24424708
OBJECTIVE	Cognitive benefits of multivitamins have been observed in the elderly , but fewer trials have investigated younger , healthy cohorts .
OBJECTIVE	This randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled study investigated the cognitive effects of 16-week multivitamin supplementation in adults aged 20-49years .
METHODS	A total of 138 participants aged 20-50years were randomised and 116 completed the trial .
METHODS	The participants completed a computerised battery of cognitive tasks before and after 16-week supplementation with a multivitamin containing minerals and herbs or placebo .
METHODS	Blood measures of homocysteine , vitamin B6 , B12 and folate were collected at both time points .
RESULTS	In men , there was a strong trend ( p = 0.01 ; which did not reach significance when adjusted for multiple comparisons ) for the multivitamin to improve performance on the incongruent stroop task , a measure of selective attention and response inhibition .
RESULTS	There were no cognitive benefits of multivitamin supplements in women .
RESULTS	Multivitamin supplementation substantially increased blood levels of vitamin B6 , B12 and folate in both genders and decreased homocysteine in men .
RESULTS	In men who received the multivitamin , improved stroop congruent performance was associated with increased vitamin B6 levels .
CONCLUSIONS	Multivitamin supplementation may be useful for maintaining levels of B vitamins .
CONCLUSIONS	The effects of multivitamins on speeded attention such as the stroop task in young adults warrant further investigation .

###25012407
BACKGROUND	Current cognitive behavioral models of hoarding view hoarding as a multifaceted problem stemming from various information processing deficits .
BACKGROUND	However , there is also reason to suspect that the consequences of hoarding may in turn impact or modulate deficits in information processing .
BACKGROUND	The current study sought to expand upon the existing literature by manipulating clutter to examine whether the presence of a cluttered environment affects information processing .
METHODS	Participants included 34 individuals with hoarding disorder .
METHODS	Participants were randomized into a clutter or non-clutter condition and asked to complete various neuropsychological tasks of memory and attention .
RESULTS	Results revealed that hoarding severity was associated with difficulties in sustained attention .
RESULTS	However , individuals in the clutter condition relative to the non-clutter condition did not experience greater deficits in information processing .
CONCLUSIONS	Limitations include the cross-sectional design and small sample size .
CONCLUSIONS	The current findings add considerably to a growing body of literature on the relationships between information processing deficits and hoarding behaviors .
CONCLUSIONS	Research of this type is integral to understanding the etiology and maintenance of hoarding .

###25125506
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the safety and efficacy of methazolamide as a potential therapy for type 2 diabetes .
METHODS	This double-blind , placebo-controlled study randomized 76 patients to oral methazolamide ( 40 mg b.i.d. ) or placebo for 24 weeks .
METHODS	The primary efficacy end point for methazolamide treatment was a placebo-corrected reduction in HbA1c from baseline after 24 weeks ( HbA1c ) .
RESULTS	Mean SD baseline HbA1c was 7.1 0.7 % ( 54 5 mmol/mol ; n = 37 ) and 7.4 0.6 % ( 57 5 mmol/mol ; n = 39 ) in the methazolamide and placebo groups , respectively .
RESULTS	Methazolamide treatment was associated with a HbA1c of -0.39 % ( 95 % CI -0.82 , 0.04 ; P < 0.05 ) ( -4.3 mmol/mol [ -9.0 , 0.4 ] ) , an increase in the proportion of patients achieving HbA1c 6.5 % ( 48 mmol/mol ) from 8 to 33 % , a rapid reduction in alanine aminotransferase ( 10 units/L ) , and weight loss ( 2 % ) in metformin-cotreated patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Methazolamide is the archetype for a new intervention in type 2 diabetes with clinical benefits beyond glucose control .

###24977996
OBJECTIVE	Although procedural sedation using intravenous agents is highly effective for forearm fracture reduction , the process is both resource and time intensive .
OBJECTIVE	Our objective was to determine whether the use of a hematoma block as an adjunct to procedural sedation with ketamine and midazolam reduces ( 1 ) pain during the procedure ( scored using the Observational Score for Behavioral Distress-Revised score ) or ( 2 ) the excess sedation time , defined by the time between procedure completion and discharge from sedation .
OBJECTIVE	Our secondary outcome measure was total ketamine dose administered during the procedure .
METHODS	A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted .
METHODS	Before fracture reduction , children 3 to 17 years of age randomly received 2 % lidocaine ( L ) or normal saline ( NS ) into the hematoma of their fracture site during sedation with intravenous ketamine and midazolam .
RESULTS	Ninety patients were randomized : 50 to L and 40 to NS .
RESULTS	The groups were similar with regard to age , sex , type of fracture , and prior administration of pain medication .
RESULTS	Median Observational Score for Behavioral Distress-Revised scores were 1.11 and 1.69 for the L and NS groups , respectively ( P = 0.23 ) .
RESULTS	Excess sedation time was not significantly different between the groups ( P = 0.36 ) , with a median excess sedation time of 33.0 and 36.0 minutes for the L and NS groups , respectively .
RESULTS	Mean ketamine dose administered was not different between the groups ( P = 0.42 ) .
RESULTS	The mean total dose administered was 1.00 mg/kg and 1.07 mg/kg in the L and NS groups , respectively .
RESULTS	Mean midazolam dose was 0.05 mg/kg for both groups .
CONCLUSIONS	The use of a hematoma block as an adjunct to procedural sedation with ketamine and midazolam for forearm fracture reduction conferred no additional benefit and did not decrease observed pain scores , excess sedation time , or total ketamine dose administered .

###25932553
OBJECTIVE	This study assessed the safety , tolerability , and pharmacodynamics of emixustat hydrochloride ( ACU-4429 ) , a novel visual cycle modulator , in subjects with geographic atrophy associated with dry age-related macular degeneration .
METHODS	Subjects were randomly assigned to oral emixustat ( 2 , 5 , 7 , or 10 mg once daily ) or placebo ( 3:1 ratio ) for 90 days .
METHODS	Recovery of rod photoreceptor sensitivity after a photobleach was measured by electroretinography .
METHODS	Safety evaluations included analysis of adverse events and ophthalmic examinations .
RESULTS	Seventy-two subjects ( 54 emixustat and 18 placebo ) were evaluated .
RESULTS	Emixustat suppressed rod photoreceptor sensitivity in a dose-dependent manner .
RESULTS	Suppression plateaued by Day 14 and was reversible within 7 days to 14 days after drug cessation .
RESULTS	Most systemic adverse events were not considered treatment related .
RESULTS	Dose-related ocular adverse events ( chromatopsia , 57 % emixustat vs. 17 % placebo and delayed dark adaptation , 48 % emixustat vs. 6 % placebo ) were mild to moderate in severity , and the majority resolved on study or within 7 days to 14 days after study drug cessation .
RESULTS	Reversibility of these adverse events with long-term administration , however , is undetermined .
CONCLUSIONS	In this Phase II study , emixustat produced a dose-dependent reversible effect on rod function that is consistent with the proposed mechanism of action .
CONCLUSIONS	These results support further testing of emixustat for the treatment of geographic atrophy associated with dry age-related macular degeneration .

###24655865
BACKGROUND	Various surgical meshes are used in the repair of inguinal hernia and are associated with numerous complications .
BACKGROUND	Our main objective in this study was to determine whether a biologic hernia matrix is equivalent to polypropylene mesh in an open inguinal hernia repair using the Lichtenstein technique .
METHODS	A prospective , randomized , double-blinded , single-center trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of a biologic Inguinal Hernia Matrix ( IHM ; Cook Medical ) compared with polypropylene ( PP ) mesh using Lichtenstein 's inguinal hernia repair in a 3-year outcomes study .
METHODS	Patients were evaluated for recurrence and complications by a blinded surgeon at 2 weeks , 3 months , 6 months , and 1 year post procedure .
METHODS	Patient demographics , including comorbidities and nutrition status , were recorded .
METHODS	Intraoperative information including hernia type and location , procedure time , level of difficulty , degree of surgeon frustration , and surgical experience were collected .
RESULTS	One hundred male patients provided informed consent and were randomized into the study in a 1:1 fashion .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in degree of difficulty and level of frustration between the 2 groups .
RESULTS	At 1-year follow-up , 3 recurrences were diagnosed in the IHM group as compared with none in the PP group ( p = 0.11 ) .
RESULTS	Persistent pain trended higher in the PP group ( 6 % vs 4 % ) .
RESULTS	All 3 recurrences occurred in the direct inguinal hernia group and were performed by attendings in the first year post training ( 3 different attendings ) .
RESULTS	No recurrences occurred in patients operated on by more senior surgeons .
CONCLUSIONS	The IHM hernioplasty compares favorably with PP mesh at 1-year follow-up with similar recurrence rates and complications .
CONCLUSIONS	Surgeon experience appears to be a major factor affecting successful outcomes .

###24322378
OBJECTIVE	The authors compared the effectiveness of 50 sessions of schema therapy with clarification-oriented psychotherapy and with treatment as usual among patients with cluster C , paranoid , histrionic , or narcissistic personality disorder .
METHODS	A multicenter randomized controlled trial , with a single-blind parallel design , was conducted between 2006 and 2011 in 12 Dutch mental health institutes .
METHODS	A total of 323 patients with personality disorders were randomly assigned ( schema therapy , N = 147 ; treatment as usual , N = 135 ; clarification-oriented psychotherapy , N = 41 ) .
METHODS	There were two cohorts of schema therapy therapists , with the first trained primarily with lectures and the second primarily with exercises .
METHODS	The primary outcome was recovery from personality disorder 3 years after treatment started ( assessed by blinded interviewers ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes were dropout rates and measures of personality disorder traits , depressive and anxiety disorders , general psychological complaints , general and social functioning , self-ideal discrepancy , and quality of life .
RESULTS	A significantly greater proportion of patients recovered in schema therapy compared with treatment as usual and clarification-oriented psychotherapy .
RESULTS	Second-cohort schema therapists had better results than first-cohort therapists .
RESULTS	Clarification-oriented psychotherapy and treatment as usual did not differ .
RESULTS	Findings did not vary with specific personality disorder diagnosis .
RESULTS	Dropout was lower in the schema therapy and clarification-oriented psychotherapy conditions .
RESULTS	All treatments showed improvements on secondary outcomes .
RESULTS	Schema therapy patients had less depressive disorder and higher general and social functioning at follow-up .
RESULTS	While interview-based measures demonstrated significant differences between treatments , differences were not found with self-report measures .
CONCLUSIONS	Schema therapy was superior to treatment as usual on recovery , other interview-based outcomes , and dropout .
CONCLUSIONS	Exercise-based schema therapy training was superior to lecture-based training .

###25575254
OBJECTIVE	To reduce the incidence of incisional hernia ( IH ) in colorectal surgery by implanting a mesh on the overlay position .
BACKGROUND	The incidence of IH in colorectal surgery may be as high as 40 % .
BACKGROUND	IH causes severe health and cosmetic problems , and its repair increases health care costs .
METHODS	Randomized , controlled , prospective trial .
METHODS	Patients undergoing any colorectal procedure ( both elective and emergency ) through a midline laparotomy were divided into 2 groups .
METHODS	The abdomen was closed with an identical technique in both groups , except for the implantation of an overlay large-pore polypropylene mesh in the study group .
METHODS	Patients were followed up clinically and radiologically for 24 months .
RESULTS	A total of 107 patients were included : 53 in the study group and 54 in the control group .
RESULTS	Both groups were homogeneous , except for a higher incidence of diabetes in the mesh group .
RESULTS	There were 20 emergency procedures in the study group and 17 in the control group .
RESULTS	There were no statistical differences in surgical site infections , seromas , or mortality between the groups ( 33.3 % , 13.8 % , and 3.7 % in the control group and 18.9 % , 13.2 % , and 3.8 % in the study group ) .
RESULTS	No mesh rejection was reported .
RESULTS	The incidence of IH was 17 of 54 ( 31.5 % ) in the control group and 6 of 53 ( 11.3 % ) in the study group ( P = 0.011 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The incidence of IH is high in patients undergoing elective or emergency surgery for colorectal diseases .
CONCLUSIONS	The addition of a prophylactic large-pore polypropylene mesh on the overlay position decreases the incidence of IH without adding morbidity .

###24344222
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this trial was to evaluate the effect of a Web-based , self-report assessment and educational intervention on symptom distress during cancer therapy .
METHODS	A total of 752 ambulatory adult participants were randomly assigned to symptom/quality-of-life ( SxQOL ) screening at four time points ( control ) versus screening , targeted education , communication coaching , and the opportunity to track/graph SxQOL over time ( intervention ) .
METHODS	A summary of the participant-reported data was delivered to clinicians at each time point in both groups .
METHODS	All participants used the assessment before a new therapeutic regimen , at 3 to 6 weeks and 6 to 8 weeks later , completing the final assessment at the end of therapy .
METHODS	Change in Symptom Distress Scale-15 ( SDS-15 ) score from pretreatment to end of study was compared using analysis of covariance and regression analysis adjusting for selected variables .
RESULTS	We detected a significant difference between study groups in mean SDS-15 score change from baseline to end of study : 1.27 ( standard deviation [ SD ] , 6.7 ) in the control group ( higher distress ) versus -0.04 ( SD , 5.8 ) in the intervention group ( lower distress ) .
RESULTS	SDS-15 score was reduced by an estimated 1.21 ( 95 % CI , 0.23 to 2.20 ; P = .02 ) in the intervention group .
RESULTS	Baseline SDS-15 score ( P < .001 ) and clinical service ( P = .01 ) were predictive .
RESULTS	Multivariable analyses suggested an interaction between age and study group ( P = .06 ) ; in subset analysis , the benefit of intervention was strongest in those age > 50 years ( P = .002 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Web-based self-care support and communication coaching added to SxQOL screening reduced symptom distress in a multicenter sample of participants with various diagnoses during and after active cancer treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	Participants age > 50 years , in particular , may have benefited from the intervention .

###24691112
BACKGROUND	Findings from inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) genome-wide association studies are being translated clinically into prognostic and diagnostic indicators of disease .
BACKGROUND	Yet , patient perception and understanding of these tests and their applicability to providing risk information is unclear .
BACKGROUND	The goal of this study was to determine , using hypothetical scenarios , whether patients with IBD perceive genetic testing to be useful for risk assessment , whether genetic test results impact perceived control , and whether low genetic literacy may be a barrier to patient understanding of these tests .
METHODS	Two hundred fifty seven patients with IBD from the Johns Hopkins gastroenterology clinics were randomized to receive a vignette depicting either a genetic testing scenario or a standard blood testing scenario .
METHODS	Participants were asked questions about the vignette and responses were compared between groups .
RESULTS	Perceptions of test utility for risk assessment were higher among participants responding to the genetic vignette ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in perceptions of control over IBD after hypothetical testing between vignettes ( P = 0.24 ) .
RESULTS	Participant responses were modified by genetic literacy , measured using a scale developed for this study .
RESULTS	Participants randomized to the genetic vignette who scored higher on the genetic literacy scale perceived greater utility of testing for risk assessment ( P = 0.008 ) and more control after testing ( P = 0.02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients with IBD perceive utility in genetic testing for providing information relevant to family members , and this appreciation is promoted by genetic literacy .
CONCLUSIONS	Low genetic literacy among patients poses a potential threat to effective translation of genetic and genomic tests .

###25228838
OBJECTIVE	Recent epidemiological studies revealed a striking inverse relationship between vitamin D levels , glucose intolerance/insulin resistance ( IR ) , and cardiovascular disease .
OBJECTIVE	However , few interventional studies have evaluated the effect of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular risk , such as IR and arterial stiffness , in diabetes .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the role of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes patients , including metabolic parameters , IR , and arterial stiffness .
METHODS	We enrolled patients who were taking antidiabetic medications or managed their diabetes using lifestyle changes .
METHODS	We excluded patients who were taking vitamin D or calcium supplements .
METHODS	We randomized participants into the vitamin D group ( cholecalciferol 2,000 IU/day + calcium 200 mg/day , n = 40 ) or the placebo group ( calcium 200 mg/day , n = 41 ) .
METHODS	We compared their IR ( homeostasis model of assessment [ HOMA ] - IR ) and arterial stiffness ( brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity and radial augmentation index ) before and after 24 weeks of intervention .
RESULTS	The baseline characteristics of the two groups were similar .
RESULTS	A total of 62 participants ( placebo , 30 ; vitamin D , 32 ) completed the study protocol .
RESULTS	At the end of the study period , the 25-hydroxyvitamin D [ 25 ( OH ) D ] levels were significantly higher in the vitamin D group than in the placebo group ( 35.4 8.5 ng/mL vs. 18.4 7.3 ng/mL , p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	There was no difference in HOMA-IR or changes in arterial stiffness ( placebo , 21 , vitamin D , 24 ) between the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Our data suggest that high-dose vitamin D supplementation might be effective in terms of elevating 25 ( OH ) D levels .
CONCLUSIONS	However , we identified no beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes , including IR and arterial stiffness .

###24672232
OBJECTIVE	To determine the efficacy and safety of Curcuma domestica extracts in pain reduction and functional improvement .
METHODS	367 primary knee osteoarthritis patients with a pain score of 5 or higher were randomized to receive ibuprofen 1,200 mg/day or C. domestica extracts 1,500 mg/day for 4 weeks .
METHODS	The main outcomes were Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index ( WOMAC ) total , WOMAC pain , WOMAC stiffness , and WOMAC function scores .
METHODS	Adverse events ( AEs ) were also recorded .
RESULTS	185 and 182 patients were randomly assigned into C. domestica extracts and ibuprofen groups , respectively .
RESULTS	The baseline characteristics were no different between groups .
RESULTS	The mean of all WOMAC scores at weeks 0 , 2 , and 4 showed significant improvement when compared with the baseline in both groups .
RESULTS	After using the noninferiority test , the mean difference ( 95 % confidence interval ) of WOMAC total , WOMAC pain , and WOMAC function scores at week 4 adjusted by values at week 0 of C. domestica extracts were noninferior to those for the ibuprofen group ( P = 0.010 , P = 0.018 , and P = 0.010 , respectively ) , except for the WOMAC stiffness subscale , which showed a trend toward significance ( P = 0.060 ) .
RESULTS	The number of patients who developed AEs was no different between groups .
RESULTS	However , the number of events of abdominal pain/discomfort was significantly higher in the ibuprofen group than that in the C. domestica extracts group ( P = 0.046 ) .
RESULTS	Most subjects ( 96 % -97 % ) were satisfied with the treatment , and two-thirds rated themselves as improved in a global assessment .
CONCLUSIONS	C. domestica extracts are as effective as ibuprofen for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis .
CONCLUSIONS	The side effect profile was similar but with fewer gastrointestinal AE reports in the C. domestica extracts group .

###24822236
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effectiveness of a prefabricated appliance and compare it to the effectiveness of a stabilization appliance in patients with temporomandibular joint ( TMJ ) pain .
METHODS	This randomized , controlled multicenter study comprised 48 patients diagnosed with TMJ arthralgia according to the Research Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders .
METHODS	The effectiveness of a prefabricated appliance ( Relax ) , worn by half of the patients ( referred to as the R group ) , was compared to the effectiveness of a stabilization appliance , worn by the other half of patients ( S group ) .
METHODS	Treatment outcome was assessed according to the recommendations by the Initiative on Methods , Measurement , and Pain Assessment in Clinical Trials ( IMMPACT ) on an intent-to-treat basis .
METHODS	To analyze the differences between groups , the chi-square test and the Mann-Whitney U test were used , while the Friedman analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) on ranks was used for the analyses between baseline data and follow-up measurements , all with a significance level set at P < .05 .
RESULTS	There were no differences between the groups at baseline .
RESULTS	A 30 % reduction of pain intensity was reported by 62.5 % of the R group and 58.3 % of the S group at the 10-week follow-up ; 58 % and 50.3 % , respectively , at the 6-month follow-up ; and 41.7 % in both groups at 12 months .
RESULTS	At the 12-month follow-up , pain intensity had decreased and physical function had improved in both groups ( P < .005 and P < .016 , respectively ) , without significant group differences .
RESULTS	Emotional function ( depression and nonspecific physical symptoms ) did not change .
RESULTS	Overall improvement of `` better '' to `` symptom-free '' was observed in 67 % of the R group and 58 % of the S group .
RESULTS	No side effects occurred .
CONCLUSIONS	The effectiveness of the prefabricated appliance seems to be similar to that of the stabilization appliance in alleviating TMJ pain .
CONCLUSIONS	Since the prefabricated appliance requires only one visit for construction , it is convenient for both the general practitioner and for the patient .

###24799602
BACKGROUND	Low 25-hydroxyvitamin D ( 25 ( OH ) D ) has been associated with increased HIV mortality , but prospective studies assessing treatment outcomes after combination antiretroviral therapy ( cART ) initiation in resource-limited settings are lacking .
METHODS	A case-cohort study ( N = 411 ) was nested within a randomized cART trial of 1571 cART-naive adults in 8 resource-limited settings and the United States .
METHODS	The primary outcome ( WHO stage 3/4 disease or death within 96 weeks of cART initiation ) was met by 192 cases , and 152 and 29 cases met secondary outcomes of virologic and immunologic failure .
METHODS	We studied prevalence and risk factors for baseline low 25 ( OH ) D ( < 32 ng/mL ) and examined associated outcomes using proportional hazard models .
RESULTS	Low 25 ( OH ) D prevalence was 49 % and ranged from 27 % in Brazil to 78 % in Thailand .
RESULTS	Low 25 ( OH ) D was associated with high body mass index ( BMI ) , winter/spring season , country-race group , and lower viral load .
RESULTS	Baseline low 25 ( OH ) D was associated with increased risk of human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) progression and death ( adjusted hazard ratio ( aHR ) 2.13 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 1.09-4 .18 ) and virologic failure ( aHR 2.42 ; 95 % CI , 1.33-4 .41 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Low 25 ( OH ) D is common in diverse HIV-infected populations and is an independent risk factor for clinical and virologic failure .
CONCLUSIONS	Studies examining the potential benefit of vitamin D supplementation among HIV patients initiating cART are warranted .

###25319597
BACKGROUND	Domestic violence and abuse ( DVA ) are associated with an increased risk of mental illness , but we know little about the mental health of female DVA survivors seeking support from domestic violence services .
OBJECTIVE	Domestic violence and abuse ( DVA ) are associated with an increased risk of mental illness , but we know little about the mental health of female DVA survivors seeking support from domestic violence services .
METHODS	Baseline data on 260 women enrolled in a randomized controlled trial of a psychological intervention for DVA survivors was analyzed .
METHODS	We report prevalence of and associations between mental health status and severity of abuse at the time of recruitment .
METHODS	We used logistic and normal regression models for binary and continuous outcomes , respectively .
METHODS	Mental health measures used were : Clinical Outcomes in Routine Evaluation-Outcome Measure ( CORE-OM ) , Patient Health Questionnaire , Generalized Anxiety Disorder Assessment , and the Posttraumatic Diagnostic Scale ( PDS ) to measure posttraumatic stress disorder .
METHODS	The Composite Abuse Scale ( CAS ) measured abuse .
RESULTS	Exposure to DVA was high , with a mean CAS score of 56 ( SD 34 ) .
RESULTS	The mean CORE-OM score was 18 ( SD 8 ) with 76 % above the clinical threshold ( 95 % confidence interval : 70-81 % ) .
RESULTS	Depression and anxiety levels were high , with means close to clinical thresholds , and all respondents recorded PTSD scores above the clinical threshold .
RESULTS	Symptoms of mental illness increased stepwise with increasing severity of DVA .
CONCLUSIONS	Exposure to DVA was high , with a mean CAS score of 56 ( SD 34 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The mean CORE-OM score was 18 ( SD 8 ) with 76 % above the clinical threshold ( 95 % confidence interval : 70-81 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Depression and anxiety levels were high , with means close to clinical thresholds , and all respondents recorded PTSD scores above the clinical threshold .
CONCLUSIONS	Symptoms of mental illness increased stepwise with increasing severity of DVA .

###24423018
BACKGROUND	Women who have survived breast cancer have hot flushes that are `` significantly more frequent , severe , distressing , and of greater duration '' than in other women .
BACKGROUND	We compared the efficacy and safety of stellate ganglion block and pregabalin for the relief of hot flushes in breast cancer survivors .
METHODS	Forty patients who were breast cancer survivors and were suffering from hot flushes to the degree that they seeked for treatment were included in the study and randomly divided into two groups : group I : ( N = 20 ) stellate ganglion block was done for the patients of this group ; and group II : ( N = 20 ) in this group , the patients received 75mg pregabalin twice daily .
METHODS	In both groups self-completed daily hot flush diaries and monthly symptom questionnaires were obtained at baseline and for the following 3 months .
RESULTS	Our results showed that group I ( stellate ganglion block ) had significant ( P < 0.05 ) decline in the frequency of mild , moderate , very severe , and total hot flushes in comparison with group II ( pregabalin 75mg twice daily ) throughout the 3 months of follow up period .
CONCLUSIONS	The stellate ganglion block had superior efficacy in the management of hot flushes in breast cancer survivors .

###24408211
BACKGROUND	The treatment of obesity is an increasing global health priority , yet few effective drug treatments are currently available .
BACKGROUND	The discovery of novel anti-obesity therapies could be assisted by the validation of experimental ( translational ) medicine models in healthy volunteers that assess efficacy and safety at an early stage of drug development .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to examine the effects of the 5-HT2C receptor agonist meta-chlorophenylpiperazine ( mCPP ) in an experimental medicine model assessing both appetite and mood .
METHODS	Using a between-subjects , double-blind , placebo-controlled design , 24 male and 24 female participants were randomly assigned to either placebo , 15 - or 30-mg mCPP treatment groups .
METHODS	Lunch was eaten from a Universal Eating Monitor ( UEM ) that measured eating rate , and the participants completed the P1vital Oxford Emotional Test Battery ( ETB ) and a series of appetite and mood ratings .
RESULTS	mCPP reduced appetite and , in women , enhanced measures of satiation .
RESULTS	The drug also enhanced memory for emotional material in the word recall and recognition memory tasks of the ETB .
CONCLUSIONS	The results provide new insight into the effects of mCPP on appetite , satiety and memory in humans .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , our data provide an illustration of the value of measuring changes in appetite and mood in healthy volunteers to determine the potential efficacy and safety of novel anti-obesity drugs .

###25205802
BACKGROUND	The long-term outcomes of transcatheter aortic valve replacement ( TAVR ) in inoperable patients with severe aortic stenosis remain unknown .
RESULTS	In the Placement of Aortic Transcatheter Valves ( PARTNER ) study , 358 patients were randomly assigned to TAVR or standard therapy .
RESULTS	We report the 3-year outcomes on these patients , and the pooled outcomes for all randomly assigned inoperable patients ( n = 449 ) in PARTNER , as well , including the randomized portion of the continued access study ( n = 91 ) .
RESULTS	The 3-year mortality rate in the TAVR and standard therapy groups was 54.1 % and 80.9 % , respectively ( P < 0.001 ; hazard ratio , 0.53 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.41-0 .68 ; P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	In survivors , there was significant improvement in New York Heart Association functional class sustained at 3 years .
RESULTS	The cumulative incidence of strokes at 3-year follow-up was 15.7 % in TAVR patients versus 5.5 % in patients undergoing standard therapy ( hazard ratio , 2.81 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.26-6 .26 ; P = 0.012 ) ; however , the composite of death or strokes was significantly lower after TAVR versus standard therapy ( 57.4 % versus 80.9 % , P < 0.001 ; hazard ratio , 0.60 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.46-0 .77 ; P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Echocardiography showed a sustained increase in aortic valve area and decrease in transvalvular gradient after TAVR .
RESULTS	Analysis of the 449 pooled randomly assigned patients ( TAVR , n = 220 ; standard therapy , n = 229 ) demonstrated significant improvement in all-cause mortality and functional status during early and 3-year follow-up .
RESULTS	The results of the pooled cohort were similar to the results obtained from the pivotal PARTNER trial .
CONCLUSIONS	TAVR resulted in better survival and functional status in inoperable patients with severe aortic stenosis with durable hemodynamic benefit on long-term follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	However , high residual mortality , even in successfully treated TAVR patients , highlights the need for more strategic patient selection .
BACKGROUND	http://www.clinicaltrials.gov .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : NCT00530894 .

###24225337
BACKGROUND	Subjective clinical improvement does not always go hand-in-hand with right ventricular ( RV ) reverse remodeling after surgery for isolated severe tricuspid regurgitation ( TR ) .
BACKGROUND	This study aimed to evaluate the level of agreement between clinical improvement and echocardiographic RV reverse remodeling , and determine the relative prognostic powers of these 2 factors in terms of long-term prognosis for patients with isolated TR surgery .
RESULTS	Sixty-one consecutive patients ( 588 years ) were included .
RESULTS	During a median follow up of 55 months ( IQR , 36.571.5 months ) , a composite endpoint including death and admission for right heart failure was investigated .
RESULTS	Extents of reductions in RV end-systolic area ( RV-ESA ) and subjective clinical improvement at 6 months were examined .
RESULTS	There were 6 deaths and 5 admissions for right heart failure .
RESULTS	A reduction in RV-ESA of > 20 % effectively predicted event-free survival , with a sensitivity of 90.9 % and a specificity of 72.0 % ( AUC 0.81 , P = 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	With this cut-off , the agreement between a clinical and echocardiographic response was only 57.4 % ( 35 patients ) .
RESULTS	On Cox regression analysis , RV-ESA change emerged as the only independent predictor of event-free survival , whereas subjective clinical improvement did not .
CONCLUSIONS	A discrepancy between subjective and echocardiographic improvement at 6 months after isolated TR surgery was observed in 42.6 % of the patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Echocardiographic RV reverse remodeling , but not subjective clinical amelioration , was a strong prognosticator after surgery .

###24838902
OBJECTIVE	The effects of acute continuous positive airway pressure therapy on left ventricular diastolic function and functional capacity in patients with compensated systolic heart failure remain unclear .
METHODS	This randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled clinical trial included 43 patients with heart failure and a left ventricular ejection fraction < 0.50 who were in functional classes I-III according to the New York Heart Association criteria .
METHODS	Twenty-three patients were assigned to continuous positive airway pressure therapy ( 10 cmH2O ) , while 20 patients received placebo with null pressure for 30 minutes .
METHODS	All patients underwent a 6-minute walk test ( 6MWT ) and Doppler echocardiography before and immediately after intervention .
METHODS	Clinicaltrials.gov : NCT01088854 .
RESULTS	The groups had similar clinical and echocardiographic baseline variables .
RESULTS	Variation in the diastolic function index ( e ' ) after intervention was associated with differences in the distance walked in both groups .
RESULTS	However , in the continuous positive airway pressure group , this difference was greater ( continuous positive airway pressure group : 6MWT = 9.44 +16.05 e ' , p = 0.002 ; sham group : 6MWT = 7.49 +5.38 e ' ; p = 0.015 ) .
RESULTS	There was a statistically significant interaction between e ' index variation and continuous positive airway pressure for the improvement of functional capacity ( p = 0.020 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Continuous positive airway pressure does not acurately change the echocardiographic indexes of left ventricle systolic or diastolic function in patients with compensated systolic heart failure .
CONCLUSIONS	However , 30-minute continuous positive airway pressure therapy appears to have an effect on left ventricular diastolic function by increasing functional capacity .

###25200462
OBJECTIVE	To explore if cognitive impairment in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis ( RRMS ) is associated with abnormal neural function and if there is evidence of neural compensatory mechanisms .
METHODS	Seventy-two RRMS patients and 89 healthy control subjects were included in a cross-sectional study .
METHODS	Event-related brain potential ( P300 ) and response time ( RT ) were recorded with visual and auditory choice reaction tasks .
METHODS	Cognitive function was evaluated with an 18 item test battery .
RESULTS	Patients had a decrease in cognitive function ( p < 0.001 for global score ) and increased visual P300 amplitude frontally .
RESULTS	P300 amplitude was normal in other brain areas and RT was normal .
RESULTS	P300 latency was normal except for an increase in auditory latency occipitally .
RESULTS	Cognitive performance correlated positively with parietal P300 amplitude in patients but not in controls .
RESULTS	Cognition had stronger correlation ( negative ) with RT in patients than in controls .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients with low P300 amplitude and long RT were more often cognitively impaired .
CONCLUSIONS	This indicates that general factors such as signal amplitude and speed are limiting for cognitive function in RRMS patients .
CONCLUSIONS	The increase in frontal P300 amplitude may be a compensatory effect .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings suggest that high amplitude and fast speed may be protective against cognitive impairment .

###24474177
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the sedative and clinical effects of the pharmacopuncture with xylazine , compared to the conventional dose of a intramuscular injection in dogs .
METHODS	Twelve dogs were randomly distributed in two groups of six animals and treated as follows : control group ( X-IM ) : 1mg kg ( -1 ) of xylazine given intramuscularly ( IM ) ; pharmacopuncture group ( X-Yintang ) : 0.1 mg kg ( -1 ) of xylazine diluted to 0.5 mL of saline injected into the Yin Tang acupoint .
METHODS	Heart rate , cardiac rhythm ( ECG ) , systolic arterial blood pressure ( SABP ) , respiratory rate ( RR ) , rectal temperature ( RT ) , blood glucose concentration , degree of sedation and adverse effects were evaluated .
RESULTS	Sedative effect was observed in both groups .
RESULTS	The degree of sedation was greater in X-IM only at 15 min when compared with X-Yintang group .
RESULTS	Cardiovascular established was observed in X-Yintang group , while marked reduction in the HR and increased incidence of ECG abnormalities were detected in X-IM .
RESULTS	In both treatment groups , minimal changes were observed in relation to SABP , RR , RT and blood glucose .
RESULTS	High incidence ( 66 % ) of vomiting was observed in X-IM , while this adverse effect was absent in X-Yintang .
CONCLUSIONS	Pharmacopuncture with xylazine induced clinically relevant sedative effects in dogs , with the advantage of reduction of undesirable side effects associated with 2-agonists , including bradycardia , cardiac arrhythmias , and emesis .

###24565620
BACKGROUND	Poor adherence to inhaled corticosteroids ( ICS ) is a critical risk factor contributing to asthma morbidity among low-income minority adolescents .
OBJECTIVE	This trial tested whether peer support group meetings and peer asthma messages delivered via mp3 players improved adherence to ICS .
METHODS	Low-income African American and/or Hispanic adolescents , ages 11-16 years old , with persistent asthma , and poor ( 48 % ) adherence to prescription ICS during the 3-week run-in were randomized to intervention or attention control groups ( ATG ) for the 10-week treatment .
METHODS	During treatment , the intervention arm subjects participated in weekly coping peer group support sessions and received mp3 peer-recorded asthma messages that promoted adherence .
METHODS	The ATG participated in weekly meetings with a research assistant and received an equivalent number of mp3 physician-recorded asthma messages .
METHODS	Adherence was measured by using self-report and the Doser CT , an electronic dose counter .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the difference in adherence at 10 weeks between the 2 arms .
RESULTS	Thirty-four subjects were randomized to each arm .
RESULTS	At 10 weeks , no statistical difference in objectively measured adherence could be detected between the 2 arms when adjusting for baseline adherence ( P = .929 ) .
RESULTS	Adherence declined in both groups over the course of the active treatment period .
RESULTS	In both study arms , self-reported adherence by participants was significantly higher than their objectively measured adherence at week 10 ( P < .0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Improving medication adherence in longitudinal studies is challenging .
CONCLUSIONS	Peer support and mp3-delivered peer asthma messages may not be of sufficient dose to improve outcomes .

###24983200
BACKGROUND	Recent studies have demonstrated higher-quality chest compressions ( CCs ) following a 60 s ultra-brief video ( UBV ) on compression-only CPR ( CO-CPR ) .
BACKGROUND	However , the effectiveness of UBVs as a CPR-teaching tool for lay bystanders in public venues remains unknown .
OBJECTIVE	Determine whether an UBV is effective in teaching laypersons CO-CPR in a public setting and if viewing leads to superior responsiveness and CPR skills .
METHODS	Adult lay bystanders were enrolled in a public shopping mall and randomized to : ( 1 ) Control ( CTR ) : sat idle for 60 s ; ( 2 ) UBV : watched a 60 s UBV on CO-CPR .
METHODS	Subjects were read a scenario detailing a sudden collapse in the mall and asked to do what they `` thought was best '' on a mannequin .
METHODS	Performance measures were recorded for 2 min : responsiveness ( time to call 911 and first CCs ) and CPR quality [ CC depth , rate , hands-off interval ( time without CC after first CC ) ] .
RESULTS	One hundred subjects were enrolled .
RESULTS	Demographics were similar between groups .
RESULTS	UBV subjects called 911 more frequently ( percent difference : 31 % ) and initiated CCs sooner in the arrest scenario ( median difference ( MD ) : 5 s ) .
RESULTS	UBV cohort had increased CC rate ( MD : 19 cpm ) and decreased hands-off interval ( MD : 27 s ) .
RESULTS	There was no difference in CC depth .
CONCLUSIONS	Bystanders with UBV training in a shopping mall had significantly improved responsiveness , CC rate , and decreased hands-off interval .
CONCLUSIONS	Given the short length of training , UBV may have potential as a ubiquitous intervention for public venues to help improve bystander reaction to arrest and CO-CPR performance .

###24762683
OBJECTIVE	To explore the eradication efficacies of triple versus quadruple furazolidone-based regimens for Helicobacter pylori ( H. pylori ) infection .
METHODS	A total of 357 outpatients with H. pylori infection were enrolled from June to December 2010 .
METHODS	There were 200 males and 157 females with an average age of ( 42 12 ) years .
METHODS	A diagnosis of duodenal ulcer was made according to their endoscopic examination results .
METHODS	They were randomly assigned into 4 treatment groups : 7-day triple ( n = 89 ) and 10-day triple ( n = 91 ) , rabeprazole 10 mg , amoxicillin 1 000 mg and furazolidone 100 mg twice daily for 7 and 10 days respectively .
METHODS	7-day quadruple ( n = 88 ) and 10-day quadruple ( n = 89 ) , rabeprazole 10 mg , bismuth 220 mg , amoxicillin 1 000 mg and furazolidone 100 mg twice daily for 7 and 10 days respectively.H .
METHODS	pylori status was re-assessed with ( 14 ) C-urea breath test after 4-week therapy .
RESULTS	Among them , 323 cases completed the study .
RESULTS	According to the analysis of intention-to-treat ( ITT ) , the H. pylori eradication rates were 71.91 % ( 64/89 ) in 7-day triple , 81.32 % ( 74/91 ) in 10-day triple , 78.41 % ( 69/88 ) in 7-day quadruple and 83.15 % ( 74/89 ) in 10-day quadruple groups .
RESULTS	No significant deviation existed among all groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	According the per-protocol ( PP ) analysis , H. pylori eradication rates were 78.05 % ( 64/82 ) in 7-day triple , 88.10 % ( 74/84 ) in 10-day triple , 87.34 % ( 69/79 ) in 7-day quadruple and 94.87 % ( 74/78 ) in 10-day quadruple groups .
RESULTS	Significant deviation existed among all groups ( P = 0.017 ) .
RESULTS	The H. pylori eradication rate in 10-day quadruple group was significantly higher than that in 7-day triple group ( P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	The total adverse reaction rate was 7.00 % ( 25/357 ) .
RESULTS	No significant difference existed among all groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Quadruple treatments provide higher H. pylori eradication rates than triple therapies .
CONCLUSIONS	A 10-day treatment may improve H. pylori eradication rate .
CONCLUSIONS	And 10-day quadruple regimen with furazolidone and bismuth may be effective for H. pylori infection .

###24790271
BACKGROUND	Prior studies show that adaptive servoventilation ( ASV ) is initially more effective than continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) for patients with complex sleep apnea syndrome ( CompSAS ) , but choosing therapies has been controversial because residual central breathing events may resolve over time in many patients receiving chronic CPAP therapy .
BACKGROUND	We conducted a multicenter , randomized , prospective trial comparing clinical and polysomnographic outcomes over prolonged treatment of patients with CompSAS , with CPAP versus ASV .
METHODS	Qualifying participants meeting criteria for CompSAS were randomized to optimized CPAP or ASV treatment .
METHODS	Clinical and polysomnographic data were obtained at baseline and after 90 days of therapy .
RESULTS	We randomized 66 participants ( 33 to each treatment ) .
RESULTS	At baseline , the diagnostic apnea-hypopnea index ( AHI ) was 37.7 27.8 ( central apnea index [ CAI ] = 3.2 5.8 ) and best CPAP AHI was 37.0 24.9 ( CAI 29.7 25.0 ) .
RESULTS	After second-night treatment titration , the AHI was 4.7 8.1 ( CAI = 1.1 3.7 ) on ASV and 14.1 20.7 ( CAI = 8.8 16.3 ) on CPAP ( P 0.0003 ) .
RESULTS	At 90 days , the ASV versus CPAP AHI was 4.4 9.6 versus 9.9 11.1 ( P = 0.0024 ) and CAI was 0.7 3.4 versus 4.8 6.4 ( P < 0.0001 ) , respectively .
RESULTS	In the intention-to-treat analysis , success ( AHI < 10 ) at 90 days of therapy was achieved in 89.7 % versus 64.5 % of participants treated with ASV and CPAP , respectively ( P = 0.0214 ) .
RESULTS	Compliance and changes in Epworth Sleepiness Scale and Sleep Apnea Quality of Life Index were not significantly different between treatment groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Adaptive servoventilation ( ASV ) was more reliably effective than CPAP in relieving complex sleep apnea syndrome .
CONCLUSIONS	While two thirds of participants experienced success with CPAP , approximately 90 % experienced success with ASV .
CONCLUSIONS	Because both methods produced similar symptomatic changes , it is unclear if this polysomnographic effectiveness may translate into other desired outcomes .
RESULTS	Clinicaltrials.Gov NCT00915499 .

###26182774
BACKGROUND	Carpal tunnel syndrome ( CTS ) is one of the commonest peripheral neuropathies which effects mainly middle aged women .
BACKGROUND	Different techniques are being tried to decrease the postoperative pain in patients operated for CTS .
BACKGROUND	The objective of this study was to compare effectiveness of local injection of steroid and mini incision technique in the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome .
METHODS	This randomized control trial was conducted at department of Orthopedics and department of Neurosurgery , Ayub Teaching Hospital , Abbottabad from Aug 2011 to Feb 2013 .
METHODS	A total of 116 patients of CTS were randomly allocated to either of the two groups .58 Patient in Group A were subjected to local steroid injection and the same number of patient in Group B underwent mini incision technique .
METHODS	All patients of were advised to report to the OPD after one month to determine intervention effectiveness in terms of improvement in at least one grade of pain .
RESULTS	In this study mean age of the patients was 32.8 + / - 5.1 years .
RESULTS	Female gender was in dominance with 99 ( 86.3 % ) cases .
RESULTS	In this study we compared the effectiveness of local steroid injection and mini incision technique in the treatment of carpel tunnel syndrome .
RESULTS	We found out that the steroid injection was effective in 69.0 % cases while mini incision technique was effective in 56.9 % cases .
RESULTS	The difference being statistically insignificant with a p-value of 0.17 .
CONCLUSIONS	The difference in pain after 1 month of the intervention was not statistically significant .

###24434794
OBJECTIVE	The assessment of myocardial fatty acid metabolism impairment by single-photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) using ( 123 ) I -- methyliodophenyl-pentadecanoic acid ( BMIPP ) might predict the risk of cardiac death in hemodialysis patients .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the potential of oral nicorandil to improve myocardial fatty acid metabolism after percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) in this population .
METHODS	We evaluated 128 hemodialysis patients who had obtained coronary revascularization by PCI ( 90 men and 38 women , 66 9 years ) .
METHODS	Participants for the analysis were randomly assigned to either the nicorandil ( n = 63 ) or control group ( n = 65 ) .
METHODS	BMIPP SPECT was performed every year after coronary revascularization by PCI .
METHODS	Uptake on SPECT was graded in 17 segments on a 5-point scale ( 0 , normal ; 4 , absent ) and assessed as BMIPP summed scores ( SS ) .
RESULTS	The incidence of cardiac death was lower ( p = 0.004 ) in the nicorandil group ( 7/63 , 11.1 % ) than in the control group ( 21/65 , 32.3 % ) during a mean follow-up of 2.7 1.4 years .
RESULTS	BMIPP SS reduction rates improved in the nicorandil group compared with the control group from 3 years of administration .
RESULTS	In Kaplan-Meier analyses , free survival rate of cardiac death was higher in patients with a 20 % BMIPP SS reduction rate as compared with those with a < 20 % BMIPP SS reduction rate ( p = 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	In multiple logistic analysis , oral administration of nicorandil was associated with 20 % reduction rates of BMIPP SS ( odds ratio 2.823 , p = 0.011 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Long-term oral administration of nicorandil may improve impaired myocardial fatty acid metabolism after coronary revascularization by PCI in hemodialysis patients .

###25037033
BACKGROUND	The immunogenicity and safety of the investigational diphtheria , tetanus , acellular pertussis , hepatitis B , poliomyelitis , Haemophilus influenzae type b ( Hib ) and meningococcal serogroup C ( MenC ) heptavalent combination vaccine were compared with those of licensed control vaccines .
METHODS	In this open , phase II , randomized study ( NCT01090453 ) , 480 infants from Germany , France and Canada received the heptavalent vaccine ( Hepta group ) or hexavalent and monovalent MenC control vaccines ( HexaMenC group ) co-administered with a 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine at 2 , 4 and 12 months of age .
METHODS	Immunogenicity was measured 1 month after the second primary dose , and before and 1 month after the booster dose .
METHODS	Safety and reactogenicity were also evaluated .
RESULTS	Non-inferiority of immune responses to MenC and Hib induced by 2-dose primary vaccination with the heptavalent vaccine versus control vaccines was demonstrated .
RESULTS	In exploratory analyses , postprimary and postbooster functional antibody geometric mean titers against MenC tended to be lower ( 1119.5 vs. 3200.5 ; 2653.8 vs. 6028.4 ) and antibody geometric mean concentrations against Hib higher ( 1.594 vs. 0.671 g/mL ; 17.678 vs. 13.737 g/mL ) in the Hepta versus the HexaMenC group .
RESULTS	The heptavalent and control vaccines were immunogenic to all other antigens , although immune responses to poliovirus were lower than expected in both groups .
RESULTS	No differences in safety and reactogenicity profiles were detected between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	The heptavalent vaccine induced non-inferior MenC and Hib responses compared with control vaccines .
CONCLUSIONS	Both vaccination regimens , when administered at 2 , 4 and 12 months of age , had comparable safety profiles and were immunogenic to all antigens , with lower-than-expected responses to poliomyelitis .

###24432872
OBJECTIVE	The phase III EINSTEIN DVT and EINSTEIN PE trials demonstrated the potential of oral rivaroxaban for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis ( DVT ) and pulmonary embolism ( PE ) .
OBJECTIVE	The length of initial hospitalization in patients presenting with either symptomatic DVT or PE was assessed using hospitalization records from these trials .
METHODS	Analyses were carried out in the intention-to-treat population , using non-parametric and parametric statistical methods .
RESULTS	Overall , 52 % ( 1781/3434 ) of EINSTEIN DVT patients and 90 % ( 4328/4821 ) of EINSTEIN PE patients were admitted to hospital .
RESULTS	The proportion of hospitalized patients with a length of stay of five or fewer days receiving rivaroxaban was 54 % compared with 31 % for enoxaparin/vitamin K antagonist ( VKA ) in patients with DVT .
RESULTS	For patients with PE , the corresponding values were 45 % and 33 % .
RESULTS	Stays of 6-10 days were observed in 29 % of rivaroxaban-treated patients compared with 45 % of enoxaparin/VKA-treated patients for DVT .
RESULTS	For patients with PE , these values were 39 % and 46 % in the rivaroxaban and enoxaparin/VKA groups , respectively .
RESULTS	Overall , length of stay was significantly shorter in the rivaroxaban group , compared with the enoxaparin/VKA group across all analyses performed ( p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	Across regions , the observed admission rates and length of stay duration varied greatly : Asia had the longest overall hospitalization rates , whereas the lowest rates were reported in North America , Australia and New Zealand .
RESULTS	Nevertheless , a consistent trend was observed : length of hospital stay in patients with DVT or PE receiving rivaroxaban was shorter than , or at least similar to , patients receiving enoxaparin/VKA .
CONCLUSIONS	A single-drug regimen with rivaroxaban may reduce the burden on healthcare systems and patients , and provides effective and well tolerated treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	The studies shared an open-label design that allowed comparison of initial hospitalization , but limitations include the well monitored clinical trial setting in which decisions on admission and discharge could vary from real-world management .

###25076161
BACKGROUND	Identification of cancer or inflammatory bowel disease in the intestinal tract by PET/computed tomography ( CT ) imaging can be hampered by physiological uptake of F-fluorodeoxyglucose ( F-FDG ) in the normal colon .
BACKGROUND	Previous work has localized this F-FDG uptake to the intestinal lumen , predominantly occupied by bacteria .
BACKGROUND	We sought to determine whether pretreatment with an antibiotic could reduce F-FDG uptake in the healthy colon .
METHODS	Thirty patients undergoing restaging PET/CT for nongastrointestinal lymphoma were randomly selected to receive rifaximin 550 mg twice daily for 2 days before their scan ( post-rifaximin ) .
METHODS	Their PET/CT images were compared with those from their prior study ( pre-rifaximin ) .
METHODS	Cecal maximum standard uptake value ( SUVmax ) and overall colonic F-FDG uptake were compared between scans .
METHODS	All PET/CT images were blindly scored by a radiologist .
METHODS	The same comparison of sequential scans was also undertaken in 30 patients who did not receive antibiotics .
RESULTS	Thirty post-rifaximin scans were compared with 30 pre-rifaximin scans in the same patients .
RESULTS	SUVmax in the cecum was significantly lower in the patient 's post-rifaximin scans than in their pre-rifaximin scans ( P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	The percentage of scans with greater than grade 1 colonic F-FDG uptake was significantly lower in the post-rifaximin scans than in the pre-rifaximin scans ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	In contrast , there was no significant difference in the paired sequential scans from control patients , nor a reduction in the percentage of scans with greater than grade 1 colonic F-FDG uptake .
CONCLUSIONS	This pilot study shows that treatment with rifaximin for 2 days before PET/CT scanning can significantly reduce physiological F-FDG uptake in the normal colonic lumen .

###25907174
OBJECTIVE	Bioequivalence and comparability studies are necessary for changing formulations of large-molecule drugs , such as antibody drugs and protein products , and in the development of their biosimilars .
OBJECTIVE	This study is the first application of modeling and simulation ( M&S ) in the design of bioequivalence and comparability studies of erythropoietin as an example of a large-molecule drug .
METHODS	A novel population pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic ( PPK/PD ) model was developed for erythropoietin .
METHODS	Based on this PPK/PD model , the probabilities of success of bioequivalence and comparability studies were simulated with various numbers of subjects and samples .
RESULTS	The simulation indicated that the minimum numbers of subjects and samples required to satisfy the criteria for bioequivalence and comparability studies were as follows : fewest for the area under the serum concentration-time curve , more for the area under the efficacy-time curve , and most for the maximum serum concentration of erythropoietin .
CONCLUSIONS	These results suggested that M&S could be successfully applied in the design of bioequivalence and comparability studies of large-molecule drugs .

###25915628
BACKGROUND	A previous multicenter clinical trial of a needle-based fractional radiofrequency ( FRF ) treatment for facial and neck rhytides and laxity counterintuitively demonstrated a mean target temperature and treatment duration of 69.5 C and 4.9 seconds for subjects with lesser improvement and 67 C and 4.2 seconds for greater improvement .
OBJECTIVE	To determine optimal temperature and duration settings for maximal clinical results in rhytides and laxity from a single FRF treatment of the face and neck .
METHODS	A randomized , blinded , 3-arm clinical evaluation of FRF at a series of temperatures from 52-57 C to 67 C. Three blinded plastic surgeons and dermatologists scored rhytides using the Fitzpatrick Wrinkle Assessment Scale and laxity using the Alexiades Laxity Assessment Scale at 1 , 3 , and 6 months .
RESULTS	Blinded grading showed optimal improvement at 67 C and 3 seconds and decreased efficacy below 67 C , with mean rhytide reductions of 40 , 29 , and 25 % and mean laxity reductions of 34 , 36 , and 25 % in Arms 3 ( 67 C ) , 2 ( 62 C ) , and 1 ( 52 C-57 C ) , respectively .
RESULTS	A 100 % response rate was observed for all subjects treated at 62 C to 67 C target temperature .
CONCLUSIONS	The optimal target dermal temperature for facial and neck rhytide and laxity treatment is 67 C and duration of 3 to 4 seconds with a 100 % response rate after a single FRF treatment .

###24238118
BACKGROUND	To reduce the spread of antibiotic resistance , there is a pressing need for worldwide implementation of effective interventions to promote more prudent prescribing of antibiotics for acute LRTI .
BACKGROUND	This study is a process analysis of the GRACE/INTRO trial of a multifactorial intervention that reduced antibiotic prescribing for acute LRTI in six European countries .
BACKGROUND	The aim was to understand how the interventions were implemented and to examine effects of the interventions on general practitioners ' ( GPs ' ) and patients ' attitudes .
METHODS	GPs were cluster randomised to one of three intervention groups or a control group .
METHODS	The intervention groups received web-based training in either use of the C-reactive protein ( CRP ) test , communication skills and use of a patient booklet , or training in both .
METHODS	GP attitudes were measured before and after the intervention using constructs from the Theory of Planned Behaviour and a Website Satisfaction Questionnaire .
METHODS	Effects of the interventions on patients were assessed by a post-intervention questionnaire assessing patient enablement , satisfaction with the consultation , and beliefs about the risks and need for antibiotics .
RESULTS	GPs in all countries and intervention groups had very positive perceptions of the intervention and the web-based training , and felt that taking part had helped them to reduce prescribing .
RESULTS	All GPs perceived reducing prescribing as more important and less risky following the intervention , and GPs in the communication groups reported increased confidence to reduce prescribing .
RESULTS	Patients in the communication groups who received the booklet reported the highest levels of enablement and satisfaction and had greater awareness that antibiotics could be unnecessary and harmful .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings suggest that the interventions should be broadly acceptable to both GPs and patients , as well as feasible to roll out more widely across Europe .
CONCLUSIONS	There are also some indications that they could help to engender changes in GP and patient attitudes that will be helpful in the longer-term , such as increased awareness of the potential disadvantages of antibiotics and increased confidence to manage LRTI without them .
CONCLUSIONS	Given the positive effects of the booklet on patient beliefs and attitudes , it seems logical to extend the use of the patient booklet to all patients .

###24915612
OBJECTIVE	Durable post-treatment response is uncommon in chronic hepatitis B ( CHB ) patients on nucleos ( t ) ide analogue therapy .
OBJECTIVE	Response , response predictors and safety were assessed in patients who switched from long-term entecavir ( ETV ) to peginterferon alfa-2a .
METHODS	Hepatitis B e antigen ( HBeAg ) - positive CHB patients who had received ETV for 9-36 months , with HBeAg < 100 PEIU/ml and HBV DNA 1000 copies/ml , were randomised 1:1 to receive peginterferon alfa-2a 180 g/week or ETV 0.5 mg/day for 48 weeks .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was HBeAg seroconversion at week 48 ( ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT00940485 ) .
RESULTS	200 patients were randomised ; 197 received 1 study drug dose .
RESULTS	Five patients who were anti-HBe-positive at baseline were excluded from the modified intention-to-treat population ( peginterferon alfa-2a , n = 94 ; ETV , n = 98 ) .
RESULTS	Patients who switched to peginterferon alfa-2a achieved higher week 48 HBeAg seroconversion rates vs. those who continued ETV ( 14.9 % vs. 6.1 % ; p = 0.0467 ) .
RESULTS	Only patients receiving peginterferon alfa-2a achieved HBsAg loss ( 8.5 % ) .
RESULTS	Among peginterferon alfa-2a-treated patients with HBeAg loss and HBsAg < 1500 IU/ml at randomisation , 33.3 % and 22.2 % achieved HBeAg seroconversion and HBsAg loss , respectively .
RESULTS	Early on-treatment HBsAg decline predicted response at week 48 ; highest rates were observed in patients with week 12 HBsAg < 200 IU/ml ( HBeAg seroconversion , 66.7 % ; HBsAg loss , 77.8 % ) .
RESULTS	Alanine aminotransferase elevations were not associated with viral rebound ( n = 38 ) .
RESULTS	Peginterferon alfa-2a was well-tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	For patients who achieve virological suppression with ETV , switching to a finite course of peginterferon alfa-2a significantly increases rates of HBeAg seroconversion and HBsAg loss .
CONCLUSIONS	A response-guided approach may identify patients with the greatest chance of success .

###25554551
OBJECTIVE	To estimate effect sizes for a trial to compare preventable pulmonary complications ( PPCs ) , turning-related adverse events , mechanical ventilation duration , intensive care unit ( ICU ) length of stay , and ICU mortality between patients randomized to 2-hourly manual or continuous automated lateral rotation .
METHODS	Randomized controlled trial pilot study with 15 patients selected randomly from eligible medical-surgical ICU patients from 2 tertiary hospitals and assigned randomly to the manual-turn or automated-turn protocol for up to 7 consecutive days .
METHODS	A radiologist blinded to group and site assessed serial chest radiographs for PPCs .
METHODS	Repeated-measures analysis with linear mixed models was used to estimate change in PPC score , and Wilcoxon rank sum or Fisher exact test was used to compare group differences in the secondary outcomes .
RESULTS	Of 16 patients enrolled , 12 ( 75 % ) completed the study .
RESULTS	Data from 15 patients , 7 manual turn and 8 automated turn , were analyzed .
RESULTS	Between-group differences in PPC incidence ( 67 % overall ) , change in PPC score ( = 0.15 , manual turn and = -0.44 , automated turn ) , and secondary outcomes were not significant ( P > .05 ) .
RESULTS	Standardized effect sizes were small to moderate for the outcome variables .
RESULTS	A sample size of 54 patients would be needed to detect statistically significant between-group differences in PPC over time .
CONCLUSIONS	The incidence of PPCs in adult patients receiving mechanical ventilation in a medical-surgical ICU was high .
CONCLUSIONS	Automated turning decreased PPCs with time but had little effect on secondary outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	Safety outcomes were not substantially different between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	A modest efficacy effect supported reduced PPCs with automated turning to the lateral position .

###25464675
BACKGROUND	There are so many studies associating blood pressure in children and adolescents with body fatness i.e. stating that high body fat is associated with high blood pressure in children and adolescents .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of this study was to determine that which portion of the body mass index , fat or fat free mass index is more influencing the blood pressure in Gujarati Indian adolescents .
METHODS	733 schoolchildren of 10-18 years of both genders were chosen for this study .
METHODS	The body fat percentage and blood pressure were measured and on the basis of body mass and fat mass , fat free mass index and various other indices were calculated .
METHODS	The association of fat mass index and fat free mass index with blood pressure was computed using correlations .
RESULTS	The relationship of BMI with mean blood pressure of boys ( R = .326 ) was more strong than that in girls ( R = .149 ) .
RESULTS	The blood pressure was having more strong positive correlation with lean body mass index than that with fat mass index in all subjects ( R = 0.230 versus R = 0.184 ) , boys ( R = 0.285 versus R = 0.242 ) , & girls ( R = 0.179 versus R = -0.081 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Fat free mass index has more strong association with blood pressure than fat mass index in the adolescent population irrespective of gender .
CONCLUSIONS	However as far as prevention of hypertension is concerned , reducing body fat ( rather than only body weight ) may remain an important measure to prevent hypertension as body fat mass is reducible while lean body mass may not be reducible and , in long term , obesity itself can lead to hypertension by various mechanisms .

###25359007
BACKGROUND	Forming ` habit ' - defined as a learned process that generates automatic responses to contextual cues - has been suggested as a mechanism for behaviour maintenance , but few studies have applied habit theory to behaviour change .
BACKGROUND	This study used process evaluation data , taken from a randomised controlled trial of a healthy child-feeding intervention for parents previously shown to be effective , to explore the applicability to dietary behaviour change of predictions and recommendations drawn from habit theory .
BACKGROUND	The intervention supported parents in pursuing child-feeding habit goals in three domains ( giving fruit and vegetables , water , healthy snacks ) , over four fortnightly home visits .
BACKGROUND	We explored whether ( a ) the habit-formation model was acceptable to participants , ( b ) better-specified habit-formation goals yielded greater habit gains , and ( c ) habit gains were sustained ( d ) even when subsequent , new habit goals were pursued .
METHODS	Qualitative and quantitative data were taken from 57 parents randomised to the intervention arm , and so analyses presented here used a pre-post intervention design .
METHODS	Thematic analysis of post-intervention qualitative interviews evaluated acceptability , and self-reported habit goals were content-analysed .
METHODS	ANOVAs explored changes in habit strength , recorded at home visits and one - and two-month follow-ups , across time and goals .
RESULTS	Participants understood and engaged positively with the habit-formation approach .
RESULTS	Although many seemingly poorly-specified habit goals were set , goal characteristics had minimal impact on habit strength , which were achieved within two weeks for all behaviours ( p 's < .001 ) , and were maintained or had increased further by the final follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	The habit-formation model appears to be an acceptable and fruitful basis for dietary behaviour change .

###24470392
OBJECTIVE	N-acetyltransferase 2 ( NAT2 ) is involved in the metabolism of various environmental substances , both with and without carcinogenic potential .
OBJECTIVE	Alcoholic and nonalcoholic caffeine-rich beverages may be associated with markers of inflammation .
OBJECTIVE	Systemic lupus erythematosus ( SLE ) is a chronic , multifaceted inflammatory disease .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the effects of alcoholic and nonalcoholic caffeine-rich beverages on risk of SLE and determined whether the effects were modified by NAT2 status .
METHODS	The NAT2 polymorphism was genotyped in 152 SLE cases and 427 healthy controls , all women and Japanese .
METHODS	We assessed effect modification by testing an interaction term for the NAT2 polymorphism and consumption of beverages .
RESULTS	Consumption of black tea ( odds ratio [ OR ] 1.88 , 95 % confidence interval [ 95 % CI ] 1.03-3 .41 ) and coffee ( OR 1.57 , 95 % CI 0.95-2 .61 ) , but not green tea , was associated with an increased risk of SLE , while alcohol use ( OR 0.33 , 95 % CI 0.20-0 .55 ) was associated with a decreased risk of SLE .
RESULTS	There were significant interactions between the NAT2 polymorphism and either alcohol use ( Pinteraction = 0.026 ) or consumption of black tea ( Pinteraction = 0.048 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The NAT2 polymorphism significantly modified the effects of alcohol use and black tea consumption on SLE , emphasizing the importance of incorporating genetic and metabolic information in studies on management of SLE .
CONCLUSIONS	Additional studies are warranted to confirm the findings suggested in this study .

###24458508
OBJECTIVE	To examine the effects of 12 weeks of periodized resistance training ( RT ) with and without combined creatine and whey protein supplementation on changes in body composition , muscular strength , and functional performance .
METHODS	Twenty-two male volunteers ( 68.1 6.1 years ) were randomly assigned to one of three groups : RT plus supplementation ( RTS , n = 7 ) ; RT only ( RT , n = 7 ) ; or control ( C , n = 8 ) .
METHODS	RTS consumed 0.3 g/kg/day of creatine for 5 days followed by 0.07 g/kg/day .
METHODS	RTS also consumed one 35 g liquid protein ready-to-drink daily .
METHODS	RT and RTS trained 3 days/week .
RESULTS	Following 12 weeks of training , there were no significant differences in the main measured outcome variables between RT and RTS .
RESULTS	RTS increased relative ( % change ) lean body mass ( LBM , 3.3 3.1 % ) compared with C ( p = 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	Compared to baseline , RT increased LBM at week 6 ( 60.2 8.3 to 61.6 9.4 kg ; p < 0.05 ) , and decreased fat mass ( 20.8 4.2 to 19.0 3.9 kg ; p = 0.05 ) and percentage body fat at week 12 ( 25.7 3.8 to 23.8 4.0 % ; p = 0.05 ) ; RTS increased LBM at week 6 ( p < 0.01 ) and week 12 ( 56.4 4.3 to 58.2 3.4 kg ; p < 0.01 ) , and decreased percentage body fat at week 12 ( 23.9 4.4 to 22.0 4.4 % ; p < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	In addition , compared to C , relative bench press 1-RM increased for RTS ( 72.4 62.2 % ; p < 0.01 ) and RT ( 50.1 21.5 % ; p = 0.05 ) ; relative leg press 1-RM increased for RTS ( 129.6 39.4 % ; p < 0.0001 ) and RT ( 112.9 22.7 % ; p < 0.0001 ) ; RTS increased relative Margaria stair-climbing power ( 38.3 30.4 % ; p < 0.05 ) ; and , relative 400-m walk time decreased for RT ( -11 9.2 % ; p < 0.05 ) and RTS ( -9.6 9.4 % ; p = 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	RT increased estimated VO2Max at week 6 ( p < 0.01 ) and 12 ( 34.6 1.9 to 36.4 2.7 ml/kg/min ; p = 0.01 ) compared to baseline .
RESULTS	Lastly , RTS increased estimated VO2Max at week 12 ( 36.3 2.7 to 37.5 3.3 ml/kg/min ; p = 0.05 ) compared to baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	Creatine and whey protein supplementation may not provide additional benefits in older adults performing periodized RT to augment muscular and functional performance .

###24468539
OBJECTIVE	Our previous study found that cortical gray matter ( cGM ) volume predicted vascular cognitive impairment independent of age-related white matter changes ( WMC ) .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to investigate predictors for cGM volume in ischemic stroke patients with confluent WMC .
METHODS	One-hundred post-stroke patients with confluent WMC were recruited into the study .
METHODS	All volumetric measures were standardized by intracranial volume as volume ratio .
METHODS	Univariate analyses and multivariate linear regression models were used to test relationship of cGM volume with basic demography , vascular risk factors , APOE status , WMC volume ( periventricular and deep WMC ) , infarct measures ( volume , number and location ) and microbleed ( number , presence and location ) .
RESULTS	After controlling for significant variables in the univariate analyses , multivariate linear regression models found that old age ( = -0.288 , p = 0.001 ) , low triglyceride ( = 0.194 , p = 0.027 ) , periventricular WMC ( PVWMC ) ( = -0.392 , p < 0.001 ) and presence of thalamic microbleed ( = -0.197 , p = 0.041 ) were independently predictive of less cGM volume ratio .
CONCLUSIONS	Age , PVWMC and left thalamic microbleed predict less cGM volume .

###24223806
BACKGROUND	Alcohol consumption of college students has a fluctuating nature , which might impact the measurement of intervention effects .
BACKGROUND	By using 25 follow-up time-points , this study tested whether intervention effects are robust or might vary over time .
METHODS	Data were used from a two-arm parallel group randomized controlled trial applying ecological momentary assessment ( EMA ) with 30 data time-points in total .
METHODS	Students between 18 and 24 years old who reported heavy drinking in the past six months and who were ready to change their alcohol consumption were randomly assigned to the experimental ( n = 456 : web-based brief alcohol intervention ) and control condition ( n = 451 : no intervention ) .
METHODS	Outcome measures were weekly alcohol consumption , frequency of binge drinking , and heavy drinking status .
RESULTS	According to the intention-to-treat principle , regression analyses revealed that intervention effects on alcohol consumption varied when exploring multiple follow-up time-points .
RESULTS	Intervention effects were found for a ) weekly alcohol consumption at 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and 7 weeks follow-up , b ) frequency of binge drinking at 1 , 2 , 7 , and 12 weeks follow-up , and c ) heavy drinking status at 1 , 2 , 7 , and 16 weeks follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	This research showed that the commonly used one and six month follow-up time-points are relatively arbitrary and not using EMA might bring forth erroneous conclusions on the effectiveness of interventions .
CONCLUSIONS	Therefore , future trials in alcohol prevention research and beyond are encouraged to apply EMA when assessing outcome measures and intervention effectiveness .
BACKGROUND	Netherlands Trial Register NTR2665 .

###24634003
BACKGROUND	Using phase 3 trial data for sunitinib versus interferon ( IFN ) - in treatment-naive patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma , retrospective analyses characterized sunitinib-associated fatigue and its impact on patient-reported health-related quality of life ( HRQoL ) .
METHODS	Patients received sunitinib at a dose of 50 mg/day on a schedule of 4 weeks on/2 weeks off ( 375 patients ) or IFN - at a dose of 9 MU subcutaneously 3 times per week ( 360 patients ) .
METHODS	HRQoL was self-assessed using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Kidney Symptom Index-15-item ( FKSI-15 ) questionnaire , with fatigue assessed using its Disease-Related Symptoms subscale .
METHODS	Fatigue was also assessed by providers using Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events ( CTCAE ) .
METHODS	A repeated-measures model ( M1 ) and random intercept-slope model ( M2 ) characterized sunitinib-associated fatigue over time .
METHODS	Another repeated-measures model examined the relationship between HRQoL scores and CTCAE fatigue grade .
RESULTS	M1 demonstrated that the initial increase in patient-reported fatigue with sunitinib was worst during cycle 1 , with mean values numerically better at subsequent cycles ; most pairwise comparisons of consecutive CTCAE fatigue cycle means were not found to be statistically significant .
RESULTS	M2 demonstrated that the overall trend ( slope ) for patient-reported and CTCAE fatigue with sunitinib was not statistically different from 0 .
RESULTS	The relationship between most HRQoL scores and CTCAE fatigue was close to linear regardless of treatment , with lower scores ( worse HRQoL ) corresponding to higher fatigue grade .
RESULTS	The majority of HRQoL scores were better with sunitinib versus IFN - for the same CTCAE fatigue grade .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients reported worse fatigue during the first sunitinib cycle .
CONCLUSIONS	However , in subsequent consecutive cycles , less fatigue was reported with no statistically significant worsening .
CONCLUSIONS	CTCAE fatigue assessment may not fully capture patient treatment experience .

###24677110
OBJECTIVE	Endogenous anterior uveitis ( AU ) , when untreated , may lead to vision loss .
OBJECTIVE	This study compared the safety and efficacy of difluprednate versus prednisolone acetate for the treatment of this condition .
METHODS	This phase III , double-masked , noninferiority study randomized patients with mild to moderate endogenous AU to receive difluprednate 0.05 % ( n = 56 ) four times daily , alternating with vehicle four times daily , or prednisolone acetate 1 % ( n = 54 ) eight times daily .
METHODS	The 14-day treatment period was followed by a 14-day dose-tapering period and a 14-day observation period .
METHODS	The primary efficacy end point was change in anterior chamber cell grade ( range , 0 for 1 cell to 4 for > 50 cells ) from baseline to day 14 .
RESULTS	At day 14 , the mean change in anterior chamber cell grade with difluprednate was noninferior to that with prednisolone acetate ( -2.2 vs. -2.0 , P = 0.16 ) .
RESULTS	The proportions of difluprednate-treated patients versus prednisolone acetate-treated patients demonstrating complete clearing of anterior chamber cells at day 3 were 13.0 % vs. 2.1 % ( P = 0.046 ) and at day 21 were 73.9 % vs. 63.8 % ( P = 0.013 ) .
RESULTS	A significant between-group difference in the mean IOP increase was seen at day 3 ( 2.5 mm Hg for difluprednate-treated patients and 0.1 mm Hg for prednisolone acetate-treated patients , P = 0.0013 ) but not at other time points .
RESULTS	The mean IOP values in both groups remained less than 21 mm Hg throughout the study .
CONCLUSIONS	Difluprednate 0.05 % four times daily is well tolerated and is noninferior to prednisolone acetate 1 % eight times daily for the treatment of endogenous AU .
CONCLUSIONS	( ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01201798 . )

###25112083
OBJECTIVE	To compare the differences in the efficacy on speech and swallowing dysfunction of medulla oblongata palsy ( MOP ) after brainstem infarction between electroacupuncture at eight-neck-occiput points and routine acupoints .
METHODS	Seventy-two patients were randomized into a neck-occiput points group and a meridian points group , 36 cases in each one .
METHODS	In the neck-occiput points group , the eight-neck-occiput points ( Neck 1-4 points , Occiput 1-4 points ) were selected .
METHODS	In the meridian points group , Lianquan ( CV 23 ) , Futu ( LI 18 ) , Tongli ( HT 5 ) , Hegu ( LI 4 ) and the others were selected .
METHODS	Electroacupuncture was used in the two groups , dense-dispersion wave , retaining for 30 min .
METHODS	The treatment was given once a day , 5 treatments a week .
METHODS	Totally , 4 weeks were required .
METHODS	The symptom scores of speech and swallowing dysfunction were observed before and after treatment in the two groups .
METHODS	The efficacy was compared between the two groups .
RESULTS	The scores of speech and swallowing dysfunction were improved significantly after treatment in the two groups ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	The results in the neck-occiput points group were better than those in the meridian points group ( both P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	The curative rate of speech dysfunction was 30.6 % ( 11/36 ) and that of swallowing dysfunction was 22.2 % ( 8 / 36 ) in the neck-occiput points group , which were better than 11.1 % ( 4/36 ) and 5.6 % ( 2/36 ) in the meridian points group , respectively .
RESULTS	The differences were significant in comparison of the two groups ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Electroacupuncture at eight-neck-occiput points achieves a better efficacy on speech and swallowing dysfunction of MOP after brainstem infarction as compared with the routine acupoints .
CONCLUSIONS	This therapy is characterized as more accurate point localization and safer operation .

###24698702
BACKGROUND	Wet-wrap treatment ( WWT ) has been advocated as a relatively effective treatment in children with severe atopic dermatitis ( AD ) .
BACKGROUND	WWT often serves as crisis intervention for AD .
OBJECTIVE	We sought to evaluate the use of WWT with diluted corticosteroids in comparison with emollient in children with severe AD during 4 weeks in a proactive schedule during which the frequency of corticosteroid applications was tapered .
METHODS	A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study was performed in children aged 6 months to 10 years with severe AD ( objective SCORAD at least 40 5 ) , comparing WWT with diluted corticosteroids ( 1:3 mometasone furoate 0.1 % ointment and for the face 1:19 mometasone furoate 0.1 % ointment under a mask ) with emollient ( petrolatum 20 % in cetomacrogol cream ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome was improvement of the objective SCORAD ; secondary outcomes included Patient-Oriented Eczema Measure and quality-of-life index .
RESULTS	WWT with diluted corticosteroids acted faster and was more efficacious than WWT with emollients .
RESULTS	Best results were obtained in age groups 6 to 9 years and 0 to 3 years .
RESULTS	The difference in efficacy evaluated by objective SCORAD was significant at all measuring points .
RESULTS	This also applied to the quality-of-life index .
CONCLUSIONS	The study group was relatively small .
CONCLUSIONS	WWT for severe AD is an effective therapy option for at least a period of 4 weeks .

###25761503
BACKGROUND	The common variants in the fat mass and obesity-associated ( FTO ) gene have been associated with obesity and insulin resistance .
BACKGROUND	Recently , studies also linked FTO variants with macronutrient intakes .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to investigate whether diet interventions varying in macronutrients modified the effects of FTO genotypes on changes in insulin resistance .
METHODS	We genotyped FTO variants rs1558902 and rs9939609 and measured insulin resistance in fasting plasma samples at baseline and at 6-mo and 2-y visits in 743 overweight or obese adults ( aged 30-70 y , 60 % women ) from a randomized weight-loss dietary interventional trial , the Preventing Overweight Using Novel Dietary Strategies ( POUNDS LOST ) trial .
METHODS	We assessed interactions between FTO variants and intakes of dietary fat and protein in relation to change in body weight and insulin resistance using generalized estimating equation models .
RESULTS	We found significant interactions between rs1558902 and dietary fat on changes in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance ( HOMA-IR ) and insulin ( P = 0.003 and 0.004 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Each risk allele ( A ) of rs1558902 showed a trend to be related to a 0.05-unit less reduction in both log ( insulin ) and log ( HOMA-IR ) among the participants assigned to low-fat diets ( both P = 0.06 ) , but this was not significantly related to reduction in those assigned to high-fat diets ( both P > 0.1 ) during the 2-y period of intervention .
RESULTS	Our data showed that the association between rs9939609 and changes in insulin resistance was not modified by diet macronutrient intakes .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results show that carriers of the risk alleles of rs1558902 benefit differently in improving insulin sensitivity by consuming high-fat weight-loss diets rather than low-fat diets .
CONCLUSIONS	Still , given our data , we acknowledge it is difficult to determine whether fat or carbohydrate contributed to the observed associations .

###25641452
BACKGROUND	The ideal bioptic strategy for CaP detection is still to be completely defined .
BACKGROUND	The aim of our study is to compare transperineal ( TP ) and transrectal ( TR ) approaches , in a 14-core initial prostate biopsy for CaP detection .
METHODS	A prospective controlled study was conducted enrolling 108 consecutive patients with a PSA level greater than 4 ng/mL and/or an abnormal DRE .
METHODS	TR versus TP 14-core initial prostatic biopsies were performed on 54 and 54 patients , respectively , with a randomisation ratio of 1:1 .
RESULTS	The cancer detection rates were 46.29 ( 25 out of 54 patients ) , and 44.44 % ( 24 out of 54 patients ) , respectively , using the TR or the TP approach ( p = 0.846 ) .
RESULTS	The overall cancer core rate was significantly higher when the TP approach was used : 21.43 % ( 162 out of 756 cores ) and 16.79 % ( 127 out of 756 cores ) , with the TP and the TR approach , respectively ( p = 0.022 ) .
RESULTS	The cores were significantly longer performing TP approach : at the site `` 1 '' ( 14.92 versus 12.97 mm , p = 0.02 ) ; at `` 5 '' ( 15.53 versus 13.69 mm , p = 0.037 ) ; at `` 7 '' ( 15.06 versus 12.86 mm , p = 0.001 ) ; at `` 9 '' ( 14.92 versus 13.38 mm , p = 0.038 ) ; at `` 11 '' ( 16.32 versus 12.31 mm , p = 0.0001 ) ; at `` 12 '' ( 15.14 versus 12.19 mm , p = 0.0001 ) ; at `` 13 '' ( 17.49 versus 13.98 mm , p = 0.0001 ) ; at `` 14 '' ( 16.77 versus 13.36 mm , p = 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	As to the biopsy related pain , the mean pain level perceived by patients during the TR approach was 1.56 1.73 versus 1.42 1.37 registered during TP approach ( p = 0.591 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	No significant differences were found in cancer detection rate , cancer core rate between TP and TR approaches for prostatic biopsy .
CONCLUSIONS	Even in terms of complication rate or pain level , it can not be concluded that one procedure is superior to the other one .
CONCLUSIONS	Apparently , strictly following our protocol , TP approach seems to offer a better sampling at the level of the apex and the TZ , however without adding any significant advantage in terms of overall cancer detection rate .

###25593053
BACKGROUND	The role of patient age in the efficacy of mesenchymal stem cell ( MSC ) therapy in ischemic cardiomyopathy ( ICM ) is controversial .
OBJECTIVE	This study sought to determine whether the therapeutic effect of culture-expanded MSCs persists , even in older subjects .
METHODS	Patients with ICM who received MSCs via transendocardial stem cell injection ( TESI ) as part of the TAC-HFT ( Transendocardial Autologous Cells in Ischemic Heart Failure ) ( n = 19 ) and POSEIDON ( Percutaneous Stem Cell Injection Delivery Effects on Neomyogenesis ) ( n = 30 ) clinical trials were divided into 2 age groups : younger than 60 and 60 years of age and older .
METHODS	Functional capacity was measured by 6-min walk distance ( 6MWD ) and quality of life using the Minnesota Living With Heart Failure Questionnaire ( MLHFQ ) score , measured at baseline , 6 months , and 1 year post-TESI .
METHODS	Various cardiac imaging parameters , including absolute scar size , were compared at baseline and 1 year post-TESI .
RESULTS	The mean 6MWD was similar at baseline and increased at 1 year post-TESI in both groups : 48.5 14.6 m ( p = 0.001 ) for the younger and 35.9 18.3 m ( p = 0.038 ) for the older participants ( p = NS between groups ) .
RESULTS	The older group exhibited a significant reduction in MLHFQ score ( -7.04 3.54 ; p = 0.022 ) , whereas the younger than 60 age group had a borderline significant reduction ( -11.22 5.24 ; p = 0.058 ) from baseline ( p = NS between groups ) .
RESULTS	Although there were significant reductions in absolute scar size from baseline to 1 year post-TESI , the effect did not differ by age .
CONCLUSIONS	MSC therapy with TESI in ICM patients improves 6MWD and MLHFQ score and reduces myocardial infarction size .
CONCLUSIONS	Importantly , older individuals did not have an impaired response to MSC therapy .

###25661136
OBJECTIVE	To compare the intraoperative pain , anxiety , undesired movement , and cooperation between patients receiving oral diazepam or intravenous ( IV ) midazolam for conscious sedation during cataract surgery under topical anesthesia .
METHODS	Ambulatory surgical center , Honolulu , Hawaii , USA .
METHODS	Prospective randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Patients having first-time cataract extraction with topical anesthesia were randomized to receive sedation with oral diazepam 30 minutes before surgery or IV midazolam immediately preceding surgery .
METHODS	The outcomes of intraoperative pain , anxiety , undesired movement , and poor cooperation were observed by the surgeon and recorded during surgery .
RESULTS	One hundred fifty-six cataract surgeries were included , 83 in the IV midazolam group and 73 in the oral diazepam group .
RESULTS	Twenty-four patients ( 29 % ) in the IV group and 7 patients ( 10 % ) in the oral group showed undesired movement ( P < .02 ) .
RESULTS	Seven patients ( 8 % ) in the IV group and 2 patients ( 3 % ) in the oral group showed poor cooperation ( P > .05 ) .
RESULTS	Fifteen patients ( 18 % ) in the IV group and 9 patients ( 12 % ) in the oral group had anxiety ( P > .05 ) .
RESULTS	Three patients ( 4 % ) in the IV group and 3 patients ( 4 % ) in the oral group experienced pain ( P > .05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Fewer patients receiving oral diazepam 30 minutes before cataract surgery than patients receiving IV midazolam immediately preceding surgery showed undesired movement during surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	There was no statistically significant difference in the number of patients showing poor cooperation or experiencing pain or anxiety between the 2 groups .
BACKGROUND	No author has a financial or proprietary interest in any material or method mentioned .

###24892114
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy of 1-stage versus 2-stage lateral maxillary sinus lift procedures .
METHODS	Sixty partially edentulous patients requiring 1 to 3 implants and having 1 to 3 mm of residual bone height and at least 5 mm bone width below the maxillary sinus , as measured on CT scans were selected .
METHODS	They were randomised according to a parallel group study design into two equal arms to receive either a 1-stage lateral window sinus lift with simultaneous implant placement or a 2-stage procedure with implant placement delayed by 4 months , using a bone substitute in three different centres .
METHODS	Implants were submerged for 4 months , loaded with reinforced provisional prostheses , which were replaced , after 4 months , by definitive prostheses .
METHODS	Outcome measures , assessed by masked assessors , were : augmentation procedure failures ; prosthesis failures and implant failures ; complications ; and marginal peri-implant bone level changes .
METHODS	Patients were followed up to 1 year after loading .
METHODS	Only data of implants placed in 1 to 3 mm of bone height were reported .
RESULTS	Two patients dropped out from the 1-stage group and none from the 2-stage group .
RESULTS	No sinus lift procedure failed in the 1-stage group but one failed in the 2-stage group , the difference being not statistically significant ( P = 1.00 ) .
RESULTS	Two prostheses failed or could not be placed in the planned time in the 1-stage group and one in the 2-stage group , the difference being not statistically significant ( P = 0.51 ) .
RESULTS	Three implants failed in three patients of the 1-stage group , versus one implant in the 2-stage group , the difference being not statistically significant ( P = 0.28 ) .
RESULTS	Two complications occurred in the 1-stage group and one in the 2-stage group , the difference being not statistically significant ( P = 0.61 ) .
RESULTS	One year after loading , 1-stage treated patients lost an average of -1.01 mm ( SD : 0.56 ) of peri-implant bone and 2-stage sites about -0.93 mm ( SD : 0.40 ) .
RESULTS	There were no statistically significant differences in bone level change between groups 1 year after loading ( -0.08 mm 95 % CI : -0.33 to 0.18 P = 0.56 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	No statistically significant differences were observed between implants placed according to 1 - or 2-stage sinus lift procedures .
CONCLUSIONS	However this study may suggest that in patients having residual bone height between 1 to 3 mm below the maxillary sinus , there might be a slightly higher risk for implant failures when performing a 1-stage lateral sinus lift procedure .

###24580114
OBJECTIVE	The main aim was to investigate the effectiveness of a novel internal teat sealant ( ITS ) formulation containing bismuth subnitrate and the antiseptic chlorhexidine , in adult cows ( Trial A ) and nulliparous heifers ( Trial B ) , to reduce the incidence of new intramammary infection ( IMI ) between treatment and calving and reduce the prevalence of IMI within 6 days following calving .
METHODS	In Trial A dairy cows ( n = 326 ) without history of clinical mastitis and with a maximum composite milk somatic cell count < 200,000 cells/mL during the current lactation were enrolled from three spring-calving mainly pasture-based herds immediately following the final milking .
METHODS	In Trial B all heifers ( n = 166 ) were enrolled from two herds approximately 3 weeks before the start of calving .
METHODS	Glands were randomly assigned to controls or treatment with ITS , and mammary secretion samples were taken from all glands prior to treatment , and on two occasions 0-4 and 3-6 days post-calving to determine the incidence of new IMI and the prevalence of IMI immediately post-calving .
METHODS	Additionally , cows in Trial A were monitored for cases of clinical mastitis ( CM ) in the non-lactating period and animals in both trials were monitored for cases of CM within 30 days of calving .
RESULTS	The ITS reduced the estimated incidence of new IMI with both major and any pathogens compared to control glands in cows ( 6.2 vs. 14.2 % and 14.7 vs. 32.8 % , respectively ) and in heifers ( 3.0 vs. 13.1 % and 13.4 vs. 25.3 % , respectively ) ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The ITS reduced the estimated prevalence of a major or any pathogen compared to untreated controls at both 0-4 and 3-6 days post-calving , in both cows and heifers .
RESULTS	Additionally , the ITS reduced the incidence of CM in the non-lactating period in cows ( -1.0 % , p = 0.01 ) and in the 30 days following calving in heifers ( -2.0 % , p = 0.06 ) , and tended to reduce the estimated incidence of CM in cows post-calving ( -1.7 % , p = 0.10 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The novel ITS reduced the incidence of new IMI , and the prevalence of IMI at calving in both adult cows and heifers , and reduced the incidence of CM in the non-lactating period of cows and in the first 30 days after calving in heifers .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of these trials demonstrate the efficacy of a novel ITS for the control of mastitis in likely uninfected dairy cows over the non-lactating period and in heifers in late pregnancy .

###24778046
BACKGROUND	We report the results of a phase II trial of adding the anti-ascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) bevacizumab to gemcitabine neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with borderline and unresectable non-metastatic pancreatic cancer .
METHODS	Patients were assigned to one of the two treatment arms .
METHODS	Both groups received 1,000 mg/m ( 2 ) gemcitabine on days 1 , 8 , and 15 of a 4-week cycle for a total of four cycles .
METHODS	Group 1 received 5 mg/kg bevacizumab for six weeks ( three doses ) , every second week , starting at week 6 of gemcitabine therapy .
METHODS	Group 2 received 5 mg/kg bevacizumab for 12 weeks ( six doses ) , every second week , starting at week 1 of gemcitabine therapy .
METHODS	The objective of the present study was to assess the rate of complete radical resection and overall survival .
RESULTS	A total of 30 patients were enrolled : 19 patients had unresectable and 11 patients had borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer .
RESULTS	Eleven patients ( 37 % ) underwent resection .
RESULTS	The median overall survival of patients who underwent tumor resection was 13 months ( 95 % confidence interval = 11-15 months ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In general , adding bevacizumab to neoadjuvant gemcitabine does not improve outcomes for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer .
CONCLUSIONS	However , in individual cases , surgery is consequently possible and prolonged survival may be observed .

###25581660
BACKGROUND	Heavy drinking poses significant risks to the health and survival of individuals infected with HIV , particularly those coinfected with hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) .
BACKGROUND	However , little is known about patients ' perceptions of these risks , and whether these perceptions relate to their alcohol consumption .
METHODS	A sample of 254 heavily drinking HIV primary care patients ( 78 % male ; 94.5 % minority ; 31.8 % with HCV ) reported on their perceptions of the medical risks of drinking and on their alcohol consumption prior to participation in a drinking-reduction intervention trial .
RESULTS	In the HIV-infected sample as a whole , 62.9 % reported that they had a medical problem made worse by drinking , and 64.3 % reported restricting drinking to avoid future medical problems .
RESULTS	Although patients coinfected with HIV/HCV reported greater efforts to restrict drinking to avoid future medical problems ( adjusted odds ratio = 1.94 ) , their reported drinking quantity and frequency did not differ from that of HIV mono-infected patients .
RESULTS	Awareness of medical risk was not associated with drinking level .
RESULTS	Effort to restrict drinking to avoid medical risk was associated with lower drinking quantity , frequency , and binge frequency ( ps < 0.05 ) , but the association with binge frequency was specific to patients without HCV .
CONCLUSIONS	Over one-third of HIV patients are unaware of the medical risks of drinking , and do not restrict use , suggesting the need for intervention in this group .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients coinfected with HIV/HCV may report more effort to restrict drinking , but their reported drinking quantity and frequency suggest that they are actually drinking just as heavily as HIV mono-infected patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Awareness of medical risk was unrelated to drinking , which suggests the need for interventions consisting of more than simple education .
CONCLUSIONS	However , reported effort to restrict drinking did predict less drinking , suggesting the importance of patient commitment and initiative in change .

###24534599
OBJECTIVE	In a nonclinical trial setting , we sought to determine the proportion of individuals with coronary artery disease ( CAD ) with optimal risk factor levels based on the COURAGE ( Clinical Outcomes Utilizing Revascularization and Aggressive DruG Evaluation ) trial .
BACKGROUND	In the COURAGE trial , the addition of percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) to optimal medical therapy did not reduce the risk of death or myocardial infarction in stable CAD patients but resulted in more revascularization procedures .
METHODS	The REGARDS ( REasons for Geographic And Racial Differences in Stroke ) study is a national prospective cohort study of 30,239 African-American and white community-dwelling individuals older than 45 years of age who enrolled in 2003 through 2007 .
METHODS	We calculated the proportion of 3,167 participants with self-reported CAD meeting 7 risk factor goals based on the COURAGE trial : 1 ) aspirin use ; 2 ) systolic blood pressure < 130 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure < 85 mm Hg ( < 80 mm Hg if diabetic ) ; 3 ) low-density lipoprotein cholesterol < 85 mg/dl , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 40 mg/dl , and triglycerides < 150 mg/dl ; 4 ) fasting glucose < 126 mg/dl ; 5 ) nonsmoking status ; 6 ) body mass index < 25 kg/m ( 2 ) ; and 7 ) exercise4 days per week .
RESULTS	The mean age of participants was 69 9 years ; 33 % were African American and 35 % were female .
RESULTS	Overall , the median number of goals met was 4 .
RESULTS	Less than one-fourth met5 of the 7 goals , and 16 % metall 3 goals for aspirin , blood pressure , and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol .
RESULTS	Older age , white race , higher income , more education , and higher physical functioning were independently associated with meeting more goals .
CONCLUSIONS	There is substantial room for improvement in risk factor reduction among U.S. individuals with CAD .

###24569618
OBJECTIVE	This trial examined diaries of hot flash events reported upon occurrence to assess the test/retest reliability of the diaries and their ability to measure treatment effects on hot flash frequency and severity .
METHODS	Forty-two postmenopausal women ( aged 40 y ; 5-50 hot flashes/wk ) were randomized ( 3:3:1 ) to placebo , raloxifene 60 mg , or paroxetine 20 mg daily for 12 weeks .
METHODS	Diaries of hot flash frequency and severity were evaluated at 1-week intervals ( twice before study treatment and thrice during study treatment ) .
RESULTS	Forty-one women were evaluated .
RESULTS	Baseline characteristics were similar between groups ( eg , mean , 29.8 hot flashes/wk ) .
RESULTS	Concordance correlation coefficients between screening ( week -2 ) and baseline ( week -1 ) measures of hot flash frequency and severity were 0.73 and 0.71 , respectively .
RESULTS	After 12 weeks , the mean ( 95 % CI ) percent changes from baseline in weekly hot flash frequency were as follows : placebo , -37.4 % ( -60.9 to -14.0 ) ; raloxifene , -14.2 % ( -37.7 to 9.3 ) ; paroxetine , -49.8 % ( -88.6 to -11.0 ) ; the mean ( 95 % CI ) percent changes in hot flash severity were as follows : placebo , -39.9 % ( -69.1 to -10.8 ) ; raloxifene , -9.6 % ( -38.8 to 19.6 ) ; paroxetine , -36.6 % ( -84.7 to 11.5 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in hot flash diary results between treatment groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Measures of hot flash frequency and severity show acceptable test/retest reliability between screening and baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	Reductions in vasomotor symptoms by raloxifene are numerically less than those seen with placebo , but no statistically significant treatment differences have been documented in this small study .
CONCLUSIONS	The large effect of placebo and the significant reduction in vasomotor symptoms by paroxetine are consistent with other studies .
CONCLUSIONS	The diary seems to be suitable for use in hot flash clinical trials .

###25136050
BACKGROUND	We present a long-term safety , immunogenicity , and effectiveness study of a quadrivalent human papillomavirus ( HPV4 ) vaccine .
METHODS	Sexually naive boys and girls aged 9 to 15 years ( N = 1781 ) were assigned ( 2:1 ) to receive HPV4 vaccine or saline placebo at day 1 and months 2 and 6 .
METHODS	At month 30 , the placebo group ( n = 482 ) received HPV4 vaccine following the same regimen and both cohorts were followed through month 96 .
METHODS	Subjects 16 years were eligible for effectiveness evaluations .
METHODS	The primary objective was to evaluate the long-term anti-HPV6 / 11/16/18 serological levels .
METHODS	The secondary objective was to estimate vaccine effectiveness against HPV6/11/16 / 18-related persistent infection or disease .
RESULTS	For each of the HPV4 vaccine types , vaccination-induced anti-HPV response persisted through month 96 .
RESULTS	Among 429 subjects who received HPV4 vaccine at a mean age of 12 , none developed HPV6/11/16 / 18-related disease or persistent infection of 12 months ' duration .
RESULTS	Acquisition of new sexual partners ( among those 16 years ) was 1 per year .
RESULTS	Subjects receiving HPV4 vaccine at month 30 ( mean age 15 years ) had a similar baseline rate of seropositivity to 1 of the 4 HPV types to those vaccinated at day 1 ( mean age 12 years ; 1.9 % [ 9 of 474 ] vs 1.7 % [ 20 of 1157 ] ) ; however , 4 of the 9 subjects vaccinated at the later age were seropositive to 3 vaccine types , indicating previous HPV exposure .
RESULTS	No new significant serious adverse events were observed for 8 years postvaccination in both genders .
CONCLUSIONS	When administered to adolescents , the HPV4 vaccine demonstrated durability in clinically effective protection and sustained antibody titers over 8 years .

###24359572
BACKGROUND	A strong association exists between the use of tamsulosin and the occurance of intraoperative floppy iris syndrome .
BACKGROUND	Several methods were advocated to overcome the progressive intraopertive miosis.Our purpose was to investigate the effect of a mydriatic-cocktail soaked cellulose sponge on perioperative pupil diameter in tamsulosin-treated patients undergoing elective cataract surgery .
METHODS	Patients using tamsulosin were dilated either with mydriatic-cocktail soaked sponge ( group 1 ) or with conventional eyedrop regimen ( group 2 ) .
METHODS	Control patients not taking any 1 adrenergic receptor inhibtors were also dilated with mydriatic sponge ( group 3 ) .
METHODS	In all groups oxybuprocain 0.4 % , cocain 4 % , tropicamide 1 % , phenylephrine 10 % , diclophenac 0.1 % along with chloramphenicol 0.5 % were used preoperatively.Pupil diameter ( mm ) was measured preoperatively , after nucleus delivery , and before IOL implantation .
METHODS	Adverse effects associated with the use of sponge , minor and major intraoperative complications , the use of iris retractors and operation time were recorded.Differences in general between groups were analyzed with a one way analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) ; differences between groups in proportions were assessed by Fisher 's exact test .
RESULTS	Mean pupil diameter ( mm ) was preopertively : 7.52 1.21 , 7.30 1.55 and 7.99 0.96 ( ANOVA : p = 0.079 ) ; after nucleus delivery : 6 1.20 , 6.29 1.12 and 6.52 0.81 ( ANOVA : p = 0.123 ) ; before IOL implantation : 5.46 1.06 , 5.83 1.09 and 6.17 0.89 ( ANOVA : p = 0.0291 ) .
RESULTS	No adverse effect related to sponge use was detected .
RESULTS	Frequency of minor complications , and iris hook use was similar in the two tamsulosin treated group .
RESULTS	Operation time did not differ significantly in the three groups .
CONCLUSIONS	We have found that using a mydriatic cocktail-soaked wick - an alternative way to achieve intraoperative mydriasis for cataract surgery - was as effective and safe as the conventional repeated eyedrops regiment for tamsulosin treated patients .
BACKGROUND	Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN37834752 .

###24368464
OBJECTIVE	Gastroparesis remains a challenging syndrome to manage , with few effective treatments and a lack of rigorously controlled trials .
OBJECTIVE	Tricyclic antidepressants are often used to treat refractory symptoms of nausea , vomiting , and abdominal pain .
OBJECTIVE	Evidence from well-designed studies for this use is lacking .
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether treatment with nortriptyline results in symptomatic improvement in patients with idiopathic gastroparesis .
METHODS	The NORIG ( Nortriptyline for Idiopathic Gastroparesis ) trial , a 15-week multicenter , parallel-group , placebo-controlled , double-masked , randomized clinical trial from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Gastroparesis Clinical Research Consortium ( GpCRC ) , comparing nortriptyline with placebo for symptomatic relief in idiopathic gastroparesis .
METHODS	One hundred thirty patients with idiopathic gastroparesis were enrolled between March 2009 and June 2012 at 7 US academic medical centers .
METHODS	Patient follow-up was completed in October 2012 .
METHODS	Inclusion criteria included delayed gastric emptying and moderate to severe symptom scores using the Gastroparesis Cardinal Symptom Index ( GCSI ) .
METHODS	INTERVENTIONS Nortriptyline vs placebo .
METHODS	Study drug dose was increased at 3-week intervals ( 10 , 25 , 50 , 75 mg ) up to 75 mg at 12 weeks .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure of symptomatic improvement was a decrease from the patient 's baseline GCSI score of at least 50 % on 2 consecutive 3-week GCSI assessments during 15 weeks of treatment .
RESULTS	The primary symptomatic improvement outcome did not differ between 65 patients randomized to nortriptyline vs 65 patients randomized to placebo : 15 ( 23 % [ 95 % CI , 14 % -35 % ] ) in the nortriptyline group vs 14 ( 21 % [ 95 % CI , 12 % -34 % ] ) in the placebo group ( P = .86 ) .
RESULTS	Treatment was stopped more often in the nortriptyline group ( 19 [ 29 % { 95 % CI , 19 % -42 % } ] ) than in the placebo group ( 6 [ 9 % ] { 95 % CI , 3 % -19 % } ] ) ( P = .007 ) , but numbers of adverse events were not different ( 27 [ 95 % CI , 18-39 ] vs 28 [ 95 % CI , 19-40 ] ) ( P = .89 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Among patients with idiopathic gastroparesis , the use of nortriptyline compared with placebo for 15 weeks did not result in improvement in overall symptoms .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings do not support the use of nortriptyline for idiopathic gastroparesis .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00765895 .

###26321103
BACKGROUND	Experimental and clinical evidence suggests that cyclosporine may attenuate reperfusion injury and reduce myocardial infarct size .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to test whether cyclosporine would improve clinical outcomes and prevent adverse left ventricular remodeling .
METHODS	In a multicenter , double-blind , randomized trial , we assigned 970 patients with an acute anterior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction ( STEMI ) who were undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) within 12 hours after symptom onset and who had complete occlusion of the culprit coronary artery to receive a bolus injection of cyclosporine ( administered intravenously at a dose of 2.5 mg per kilogram of body weight ) or matching placebo before coronary recanalization .
METHODS	The primary outcome was a composite of death from any cause , worsening of heart failure during the initial hospitalization , rehospitalization for heart failure , or adverse left ventricular remodeling at 1 year .
METHODS	Adverse left ventricular remodeling was defined as an increase of 15 % or more in the left ventricular end-diastolic volume .
RESULTS	A total of 395 patients in the cyclosporine group and 396 in the placebo group received the assigned study drug and had data that could be evaluated for the primary outcome at 1 year .
RESULTS	The rate of the primary outcome was 59.0 % in the cyclosporine group and 58.1 % in the control group ( odds ratio , 1.04 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 0.78 to 1.39 ; P = 0.77 ) .
RESULTS	Cyclosporine did not reduce the incidence of the separate clinical components of the primary outcome or other events , including recurrent infarction , unstable angina , and stroke .
RESULTS	No significant difference in the safety profile was observed between the two treatment groups .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with anterior STEMI who had been referred for primary PCI , intravenous cyclosporine did not result in better clinical outcomes than those with placebo and did not prevent adverse left ventricular remodeling at 1 year .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by the French Ministry of Health and NeuroVive Pharmaceutical ; CIRCUS ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01502774 ; EudraCT number , 2009-013713-99 . )

###24975522
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effects of acute and daily consumption of high-oleic peanuts ( HOP ) on inflammation and glucose homeostasis in overweight/obese men .
METHODS	In a 4-week randomized clinical trial , males with body mass index of 29.8 2.3 kg/m ( 2 ) and aged 18-50 years were assigned to the groups : control ( CT , n = 22 ) ; conventional peanuts ( CVP , n = 22 ) ; or HOP ( n = 21 ) .
METHODS	They followed a hypocaloric-diet with or without 56 g/day of CVP or HOP .
METHODS	Main outcomes were changes in fasting blood biomarkers and postprandial insulin , glucose , tumor necrosis factor-alfa ( TNF - ) , and interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) responses after acute peanut intake .
RESULTS	At baseline , HOP showed significantly lower postprandial responses of glucose , insulin , and TNF - than CVP and CT. .
RESULTS	Changes in fasting blood biomarkers did not differ between groups after the 4-week intervention .
RESULTS	However , within groups , total cholesterol decreased in CT , and all groups reduced High-density lipoprotein ( HDL-c ) .
RESULTS	Triglycerides were reduced in HOP and CVP .
RESULTS	IL-10 increased significantly in all groups while only the CT and CVP showed increased TNF - after intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	Acute high-oleic peanut consumption leads to stronger moderation of postprandial glucose , insulin , and TNF - concentrations than CVP and control meal intake .
CONCLUSIONS	Whether daily intake of high-oleic peanuts has additional benefits to CVP remains uncertain .

###25855926
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the safety and efficacy of urinary kallidinogenase for recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator ( rt-PA ) intravenous thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute cerebral infarction .
METHODS	All 200 patients with acute cerebral infarction were randomized 1:1 into an experimental group ( 100 cases ) and a control group ( 100 cases ) .
METHODS	Patients in the control group were administrated rt-PA ( 0/9 mg/kg ) while patients in the experimental group were given urinary kallidinogenase by intravenous drip ( 0.15 PNAU/d , for 7 days ) after rt-PA intravenous thrombolytic treatment ( 0.9 mg/kg ) .
METHODS	The main evaluation index was NIHSS and BI .
RESULTS	Compared to the control group , the NIHSS scores were significantly lower 7 and 90 days after thrombolytic therapy ( t = 2.391 , 2.714 ; p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	BI scores were obviously higher at 90 days after thrombolytic therapy in the experimental group ( t = 2.675 , p < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Urinary kallidinogenase may improve the treatment effect for rt-PA intravenous thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute cerebral infraction .

###24903347
OBJECTIVE	To assess the impact of dutasteride compared with placebo on nocturia in men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia , using pooled data from dutasteride phase III studies .
METHODS	Nocturia was assessed using Question 7 of the International Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire .
METHODS	Efficacy measures included : mean change in nocturia at 24 months ; proportion of patients with improvement/worsening in nocturia ; nocturnal voiding frequency at baseline and study end , overall and by baseline subgroups ; and nocturnal voiding frequency < 2 at study end in patients with baseline score 2 .
RESULTS	In total , 4,321 patients with a mean age of 66 years were evaluated .
RESULTS	From month 12 onwards , mean nocturia improvements were significantly superior with dutasteride than with placebo ( p 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Reduction in nocturia was significantly better with dutasteride than with placebo across all baseline subgroups tested ( p 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Also at month 24 , dutasteride therapy resulted in a greater proportion of subjects with nocturia improvement compared with placebo ( p 0.05 ) , with the largest treatment group differences in subjects with a baseline nocturia score of 2 or 3 .
RESULTS	Among patients with significant nocturia at baseline ( score 2 ) , significantly more subjects with dutasteride versus placebo had a score < 2 at month 24 ( 26 vs. 19 % , p < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	After 24 months of treatment , dutasteride treatment provided significantly greater improvements in nocturia , and less worsening , compared with placebo , primarily in subjects with two or three nocturia episodes per night .
CONCLUSIONS	Studies specifically designed to assess nocturia are required to prospectively confirm these findings .

###25644349
BACKGROUND	There is increasing interest in the extraskeletal effects of vitamin D , particularly in the obese state with regard to the development of insulin resistance and diabetes .
OBJECTIVE	The objective of the study was to determine the effect of 2 doses of cholecalciferol ( vitamin D3 ) supplementation on insulin action ( Si ) and pancreatic - cell function in obese adolescents .
METHODS	We performed a 12-wk double-blind , randomized comparison of the effect of vitamin D3 supplementation on Si and - cell function in obese Caucasian adolescents ( body mass index > 95 ( th ) percentile ) .
METHODS	The subjects were randomly assigned to receive either 400 IU/d ( n = 25 ) or 2000 IU/d ( n = 26 ) of vitamin D3 .
METHODS	Each subject underwent a 7-sample 75 g oral glucose tolerance test , with glucose , insulin , and C-peptide measurements , to calculate Si and - cell function as assessed by the disposition index ( DI ) , with use of the oral minimal model before and after supplementation .
METHODS	A total of 51 subjects aged 15.0 1.9 y were enrolled .
METHODS	Included for analysis at follow-up were a total of 46 subjects ( 20 male and 26 female adolescents ) , 23 in each group .
RESULTS	Initial serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [ 25 ( OH ) D ] was 24.0 8.1 g/L .
RESULTS	There was no correlation between 25 ( OH ) D concentrations and Si or DI .
RESULTS	There was a modest but significant increase in 25 ( OH ) D concentration in the 2000 IU/d group ( 3.1 6.5 g/L , P = 0.04 ) but not in the 400 IU/d group ( P = 0.39 ) .
RESULTS	There was no change in Si or DI following vitamin D3 supplementation in either of the treatment groups ( all P > 0.10 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The current study shows no effect from vitamin D3 supplementation , irrespective of its dose , on - cell function or insulin action in obese nondiabetic adolescents with relatively good vitamin D status .
CONCLUSIONS	Whether obese adolescents with vitamin D deficiency and impaired glucose metabolism would respond differently to vitamin D3 supplementation remains unclear and warrants further studies .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00858247 .

###24980704
BACKGROUND	Gestational diabetes mellitus ( GDM ) is associated with both maternal and offspring adverse effects .
BACKGROUND	The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has recently adopted novel GDM criteria .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to evaluate the former WHO and a simplified version of the new International Association for Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group ( IADPSG ) criteria as to prevalence of and risk factors for GDM in a Nordic Caucasian population .
METHODS	A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 687 women at 18-22 and 32-36 pregnancy weeks .
METHODS	GDM was defined according to the WHO criteria as fasting plasma glucose 7.0 mmol/L and/or 2-hour plasma glucose 7.8 mmol/L and by a simplified version of the IADPSG criteria as either fasting glucose 5.1 mmol/L and/or 2-h plasma glucose 8.5 mmol/L .
METHODS	One-hour glucose values were not available and were thus not included in the diagnosis of GDM by IADPSG .
METHODS	Prevalence of GDM during pregnancy and risk factors for GDM at 18-22 weeks were studied in retrospect according to each of the two criteria .
RESULTS	The total prevalence of GDM during pregnancy was 6.1 % ( 42/687 ) for the WHO criteria and 7.4 % ( 51/687 ) for the simplified IADPSG criteria .
RESULTS	High maternal age and short stature were independently associated with WHO GDM .
RESULTS	Maternal age , fasting insulin and no regular exercise at 18-22 pregnancy weeks associated with simplified IADPSG GDM .
CONCLUSIONS	Simplified IADPSG criteria moderately increase GDM prevalence compared with the WHO criteria .
CONCLUSIONS	Risk factors for GDM differ with the diagnostic criteria used .

###24290606
OBJECTIVE	At the doses typically used to treat hypertriacylglycerolemia , fish oil may increase low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol and blood glucose levels .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of the present study was to verify whether soy could attenuate the effects of fish oil on blood lipids and carbohydrate metabolism in patients with metabolic syndrome .
METHODS	Sixty-five women ( 47.9 9.98 y ) were studied with the use of a parallel , randomized design .
METHODS	The control group maintained the usual diet ; the second group received 29.14 g/d of soy ( kinako ) ; the third group received 3 g/d of fish oil n-3 fatty acids ; and the fourth group received fish oil ( 3 g/d ) and kinako ( 29.14 g/d ) .
METHODS	Assessments were performed at baseline and after 45 and 90 d.
RESULTS	In relation to baseline values , fish oil increased ( P < 0.05 ) total and LDL cholesterol , glucose , insulin , and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance levels after 90 d. Comparisons among groups demonstrated a decrease ( P < 0.05 ) in total cholesterol in the fish oil and kinako group after 90 d as compared with the fish oil group .
RESULTS	LDL cholesterol decreased ( P < 0.01 ) in the kinako group as compared with the fish oil group .
RESULTS	Blood glucose and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance levels decreased after 90 d ( P < 0.01 and P < 0.05 , respectively ) and insulin levels decreased ( P < 0.05 ) after 45 d when the kinako group was compared with the fish oil group .
CONCLUSIONS	The present study showed that kinako moderates the adverse effects of high doses of fish oil on LDL cholesterol , total cholesterol , and glucose metabolism levels .

###24640432
OBJECTIVE	To compare the relative plaque control efficacy of a marketed 0.454 % stabilized stannous fluoride ( SnF2 ) dentifrice relative to a triclosan/copolymer dentifrice using digital plaque imaging analysis ( DPIA ) .
METHODS	This was a randomized , two-treatment , double-blind , parallel group design study that compared SnF2 and triclosan/copolymer dentifrices over a period of 3 weeks .
METHODS	DPIA was used to capture a digital image of the maxillary and mandibular anterior facial surfaces of 12 teeth and to calculate plaque area coverage .
METHODS	Overnight DPIA images were taken at a baseline visit after which subjects were randomly assigned to one of the two treatment groups and were required to brush with their assigned dentifrice according to each manufacturer 's instructions .
METHODS	Subjects had DPIA assessments on two separate days at the end of Week 3 .
RESULTS	96 subjects were randomized to treatment .
RESULTS	Plaque area data for 47 subjects per treatment group were compared at Week 3 using ANCOVA .
RESULTS	The SnF2 group demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in overnight plaque at Week 3 compared to baseline ( P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	The reduction for the triclosan group at Week 3 compared to baseline was not statistically significant ( P = 0.24 ) .
RESULTS	At Week 3 , the SnF2 group demonstrated a 17 % lower adjusted mean for overnight plaque relative to the triclosan group with a mean difference that was statistically significant ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The Week 3 adjusted mean change from baseline in overnight plaque for the SnF2 group was 3 times greater versus that of the triclosan group ( P < 0.05 ) .

###25131073
BACKGROUND	The study purpose was to analyze 5-year outcomes in a prospective , randomized trial of alemtuzumab ( ALEM ) versus rabbit antithymocyte globulin ( rATG ) induction in simultaneous kidney-pancreas transplantation ( SKPT ) .
METHODS	From February 2005 through October 2008 , a total of 46 SKPTs ( 45 portal-enteric drainage ) were prospectively randomized to receive either single-dose ALEM ( 30 mg intraoperatively ) or multiple-dose rATG antibody induction ( starting intraoperatively , minimum of 3 doses administered ) with tacrolimus/mycophenolate and/or steroids .
RESULTS	Of 222 kidney transplant patients enrolled in the study , 46 received SKPTs ; 28 ( 61 % ) received ALEM and 18 ( 39 % ) received rATG induction .
RESULTS	Follow-up ranged from 54 to 98 months ( mean , 69 months ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences between the 2 groups in 5-year patient ( 82 % ALEM vs 89 % rATG ) , kidney graft ( 79 % ALEM vs 72 % rATG ) , or pancreas graft ( 64 % ALEM vs 56 % rATG ) survival rates .
RESULTS	Death-censored kidney ( 90 % ALEM vs 75 % rATG ) and pancreas ( 71 % ALEM vs 56 % rATG ) graft survival rates were likewise comparable ( both , P = NS ) .
RESULTS	Acute rejection ( 21 % ALEM vs 44 % rATG ; P = .11 ) and major infection ( 39 % ALEM vs 67 % rATG ; P = .13 ) rates were slightly lower in the ALEM group ; cytomegalovirus infections were significantly lower ( 0 % ALEM vs 17 % rATG ; P = .05 ) .
RESULTS	The incidence of late acute rejection was low in both groups .
RESULTS	There were no differences in early pancreas thromboses ( 3.6 % ALEM vs 11 % rATG ) , postoperative bleeding ( 11 % ALEM vs 0 % rATG ) , other surgical complications , or readmissions between groups .
RESULTS	In patients with functioning grafts , 5-year mean serum creatinine ( 1.4 ALEM vs 1.6 mg/dL rATG ) , calculated abbreviated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease glomerular filtration rate ( 55 ALEM vs 52 mL/min/1 .73 m ( 2 ) rATG ) , glycosylated hemoglobin ( both 5.4 % ) , and C-peptide ( 2.2 ALEM vs 2.3 ng/mL rATG ) levels were similar .
CONCLUSIONS	Single-dose ALEM and multiple dose rATG induction provided similar medium-term patient , kidney , and pancreas graft function and survival rates .
CONCLUSIONS	ALEM induction may be associated with less acute rejection and major infection over the long term .

###26160958
OBJECTIVE	To determine the mechanisms by which extended-release nicotinic acid reduces circulating lipoprotein ( a ) concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic patients .
RESULTS	Eight nondiabetic , obese male subjects ( aged 4812 years ; body mass index , 31.21.8 kg/m ( 2 ) ) with hypertriglyceridemia ( triglycerides , 22678 mg/dL ) were enrolled in an 8 week , double blind , placebo-controlled cross-over study .
RESULTS	At the end of each treatment phase , fasted subjects received a 10 mol/L per kg bolus injection of [ 5,5,5 - ( 2 ) H3 ] - l-Leucine immediately followed by constant infusion of [ 5,5,5 - ( 2 ) H3 ] - l-Leucine ( 10 mol L ( -1 ) kg ( -1 ) h ( -1 ) ) for 14 hours , and blood samples were collected .
RESULTS	A liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method was used to study apolipoprotein ( a ) ( Apo ( a ) ) kinetics .
RESULTS	The fractional catabolic rate of Apo ( a ) was calculated with a single compartmental model using the apolipoprotein B100 ( ApoB100 ) containing very low density lipoprotein tracer enrichment as a precursor pool .
RESULTS	Extended-release nicotinic acid decreased plasma triglycerides ( -46 % ; P = 0.023 ) , raised high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( +20 % ; P = 0.008 ) , and decreased Apo ( a ) plasma concentrations ( -20 % ; P = 0.008 ) .
RESULTS	Extended-release nicotinic acid also decreased ApoB100 ( 22 % ; P = 0.008 ) and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 ( PCSK9 , -29 % ; P = 0.008 ) plasma concentrations .
RESULTS	Apo ( a ) fractional catabolic rate and production rates were decreased by 37 % ( 0.580.28 versus 0.360.19 pool/d ; P = 0.008 ) and 50 % ( 1.40.8 versus 0.70.4 nmol/kg per day ; P = 0.008 ) , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	Extended-release nicotinic acid treatment decreased Apo ( a ) plasma concentrations by 20 % , production rates by 50 % , and catabolism by 37 % .
CONCLUSIONS	ApoB100 and PCSK9 concentrations were also decreased by treatment , but no correlation was found with Apo ( a ) kinetic parameters .

###25141084
OBJECTIVE	We sought to compare the effects of physical practice ( PP ) and mental practice ( MP ) on the immediate and long-term learning of the finger-to-thumb opposition sequence task ( FOS ) in children ; in addition , we investigated the transfer of this learning to an untrained sequence of movements and to the contralateral untrained hand .
METHODS	This study included thirty-six 9 - and 10-year-old children who were randomly allocated into 3 groups : MP , PP , and no practice ( NP ) .
METHODS	The MP and PP groups were subjected to a single session of training with the dominant trained hand .
METHODS	MP participants were trained by mentally rehearsing the movements , PP participants were trained by executing the movements , and the NP group had no training .
METHODS	The performance of the trained sequence ( TS ) and untrained reverse sequence ( URS ) by each of the 3 groups was evaluated under identical conditions before training , after 5 min , and at 4 days , 7 days , and 28 days after training .
RESULTS	Whereas both trained groups ( MP and PP ) showed statistically significant improvement in TS using the trained hand at all assessment points after the training , only MP participants were able to transfer the performance gains from the TS to the URS and from the trained hand to the untrained opposite hand .
CONCLUSIONS	Children were able to learn the FOS through MP or PP with a similar level of performance .
CONCLUSIONS	Unlike PP , MP allowed for the transfer of performance gain to the URS and to the opposite hand , suggesting that the internal representations developed by MP were effector-independent .

###25449505
BACKGROUND	Renal dysfunction ( RD ) is associated with poor outcome in systolic heart failure ( HF ) .
BACKGROUND	Left ventricular ejection fraction ( LVEF ) is not depressed to a greater extent in patients with RD compared to patients with normal renal function , but it is relatively unknown whether other measures of myocardial function are impaired by RD. .
BACKGROUND	The objective of the present study is to evaluate whether RD in systolic HF is associated with excessive impairment of myocardial function , evaluated by strain analysis and cardiac biomarkers .
METHODS	Patients with LVEF < 0.45 % were enrolled from an outpatient HF clinic .
METHODS	The patients underwent advanced echocardiography .
METHODS	Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by the CKD-EPI equation ( eGFR ) and patients grouped by eGFR : eGFR group-I , 90 ml/min/1 .73 m ( 2 ) ; eGFR group-II , 60-89 ml/min/1 .73 m ( 2 ) ; and eGFR group-III , 59 ml/min/1 .73 m ( 2 ) .
METHODS	Multivariate regression models were developed to evaluate the associations between eGFR groups , echocardiographic measures and cardiac biomarkers .
RESULTS	A total of 149 patients participated in the study .
RESULTS	Median age was 69 years , 26 % were female ; LVEF was 33 % .
RESULTS	Patients with a low eGFR were older ( P < 0.001 ) , but there were no differences in frequency of atrial fibrillation , hypertension , diabetes and ischemic heart disease between eGFR groups ( P > 0.05 for all ) .
RESULTS	RD was associated with impaired global longitudinal strain ( P = 0.018 ) , increased E/e ' ( P = 0.032 ) , larger left atria ( P = 0.038 ) and increased levels of proANP ( P < 0.001 ) , NT-proBNP ( P < 0.001 ) and troponin I ( P = 0.019 ) after adjustment for traditional confounders .
CONCLUSIONS	Echocardiographic measures and biomarkers reflecting different aspects of myocardial function are impaired in systolic HF patients with RD and the increased mortality risk in these patients may partly be explained by a depressed cardiac function .

###25183661
BACKGROUND	Previously , in a 40-week , randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled core study comprising three phases ( 9-week dose confirmation , 5-week open-label dose optimisation and 6-month maintenance of effect ) in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , methylphenidate modified-release long-acting formulation ( MPH-LA ) at 40-80 mg/day controlled ADHD symptoms as well as decreased functional impairment with a good tolerability profile ( NCT01259492 ) .
BACKGROUND	Here , we report the long-term efficacy and safety from a 26-week , open-label extension phase of the same study ( NCT01338818 ) .
METHODS	Patients in the extension study ( n = 298 ) initiated treatment with MPH-LA ( 20 mg/day ) , up-titrated in increments of 20 mg/week to reach individual patient 's daily optimal dose of 40-80 mg .
METHODS	Adverse events ( AEs ) and serious adverse events ( SAEs ) were reported at the end of extension study for events monitored from ( 1 ) maintenance of effect phase baseline ( core study ; 12 months ) and ( 2 ) extension study baseline ( 6 months ) .
METHODS	Mean changes in DSM-IV ADHD Rating Scale ( DSM-IV ADHD RS ) and Sheehan Disability Scale ( SDS ) total scores are reported for both the timelines .
METHODS	Efficacy was also evaluated using clinician-rated instruments , namely Clinical Global Impression-Improvement Scale ( CGI-I ) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale ( CGI-S ) .
RESULTS	No unexpected AEs were reported in the extension study .
RESULTS	Incidence of SAEs reported during 6 months and 12 months were similar ( 0.7 % ) , and no deaths were reported .
RESULTS	No SAEs were considered attributable to the drug at the end of 12 months .
RESULTS	There were no reports of patients with QT , QTcB or QTcF > 500 ms. The mean improvement in DSM-IV ADHD RS and SDS total scores at the end of 12 months were 0.9 and 1.4 points , respectively ; and at the end of 6 months were 7.2 and 4.8 , respectively .
RESULTS	The proportion of patients with improvement in CGI-S scale was 31.4 % and 52.1 % at the end of 12 and 6 months , respectively .
RESULTS	Overall , 69.4 % of patients showed clinical improvement in CGI-I scale at the end of 6 months .
CONCLUSIONS	In adult patients with ADHD , use of MPH-LA up to 1 year continued to be well tolerated while maintaining the clinical efficacy .

###25826885
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the efficiency of total knee arthroplasty ( TKA ) for varus osteoarthritic knees with tibial bone resection determined by lateral tibiofemoral joint 90 flexional gap measurement .
METHODS	Between March and June 2013 , 60 patients ( 60 knees ) with varus osteoarthritic knees underwent TKA .
METHODS	All patients were randomly divided into traditional osteotomy group ( control group , 30 cases ) and lateral tibiofemoral joint 90 flexional gap measurement resection group ( trial group , 30 cases ) .
METHODS	There was no significant difference in gender , age , affected side , body mass index and preoperative knee society score ( KSS ) , range of motion ( ROM ) of the knee , anatomic tibiofemoral angle ( ATFA ) , patellar tilt angle , posterior condylar offset ( PCO ) , and joint line height between 2 groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
METHODS	The bone resection thickness of the distal femoral lateral condyle , femoral posterior lateral condyle , and lateral tibial plateau were measured ; and the X-ray films were taken to measure and compare ATFA , patellar tilt angle , PCO , and joint line height after TKA .
METHODS	The knee function recovery was evaluated with KSS score and ROM of the knee .
RESULTS	The bone resection thickness of the lateral tibial plateau and distal femoral lateral condyle in trial group was significantly smaller than that in control group ( P < 0.05 ) ; while the bone resection thickness of the femoral posterior lateral condyle was significantly bigger than that in control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The 10 mm polyethylene insert was used in 19 cases of the trial group and in 8 cases of the control group , showing significant difference ( Z = -4.040 , P = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	All the patients were followed up 13-16 months ( mean , 14.5 months ) .
RESULTS	Radiography at 6 weeks after TKA indicated that the ATFA , patellar tilt angle , and joint line height had no significant difference between 2 groups ( P > 0.05 ) ; the PCO of trial group was significantly lower than that of control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The KSS score and ROM of the knee at 12 months after operation were significantly improved when compared with preoperative ones in 2 groups ( P < 0.05 ) , and trial group was significantly better than control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	It was an effective method to determine bone resection thickness using lateral tibiofemoral joint 90 flexional gap measurement in TKA for varus osteoarthritic knees , which can reduce the bone resection thickness of the tibial plateau and distal femoral lateral condyle and restore the joint line and PCO with better early recovery of the knee function .

###25951307
OBJECTIVE	The aim of the present study was to evaluate the reduction in bacterial loading uing MTAD as an irrigating solution in pulpectomized primary teeth .
METHODS	A randomized , controlled clinical trial was performed that included primary teeth with pulp necrosis .
METHODS	Sixty necrotic canals were included , 30 irrigated with MTAD ( experimental group ) and 30 with 1 % Na0Cl solution ( control group ) ; in all cases , 2 microbiological samples from within the canals were taken with sterile paper points , the first after the canal opening and before the first irrigation , and the second after instrumentation and final irrigation , before obturation .
METHODS	All samples were evaluated by Agar plate method .
RESULTS	The results were statistically analyzed by student ` t ' test .
RESULTS	After analyzing samples before and after irrigation in the control group ( NaOCl ) , we found a significant decrease of bacterial load ( p = < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The same occurred in the MTAD group samples ( p = < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	When both groups were compared post irrigation , a statistically significant difference was observed in favor of MTAD .
CONCLUSIONS	MTAD can be suggested as an alternative irrigant for pulpectomy of necrotic teeth .

###25758601
OBJECTIVE	To describe the imaging standards , grading protocol and baseline characteristics of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy ( PCV ) from the EVEREST study .
METHODS	In a prospective , multicentre study , confocal scanning laser ophthalmoscope indocyanine green angiography ( ICGA ) was performed using a standardised imaging protocol .
METHODS	All images were graded using standardised , calibrated equipment by fellowship-trained ophthalmologists at the Central Reading Center .
RESULTS	Sixty-one patients with PCV were included in the study .
RESULTS	ICGA characteristics included : nodular appearance stereoscopically ( 56 eyes , 91.8 % ) , hypofluorescent halo ( 42 , 68.9 % ) , abnormal vascular network ( 54 , 88.5 % ) and pulsation of the polyps ( 4 , 6.6 % ) .
RESULTS	Colour fundus photography revealed orange subretinal nodules ( 34 , 55.7 % ) and massive submacular haemorrhage ( 8 , 13.1 % ) .
RESULTS	The mean area of the PCV lesion was 3.11 mm ( 2 ) ( range , 0.2-10 .7 mm ( 2 ) ) .
RESULTS	The vascular channels filled within 7.3-32 .0 s ( mean : 17.9 s ) while the mean filling time for polyps was 21.9 s ( range , 7.3-40 .4 s ) .
RESULTS	Patients with massive submacular haemorrhage were less likely to have abnormal vascular channels seen on ICGA ( 28.6 % vs 83.3 % for those without massive haemorrhage , p = 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The imaging and grading protocols and baseline characteristics of a multicentre , randomised controlled trial of PCV are described in detail , and may serve as reference for future randomised , controlled trials on PCV .
BACKGROUND	This work was supported by Novartis Pharma AG , Basel , Switzerland grant number NCT00674323 ( clinicaltrials.gov ) .

###25734218
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate attainment of diabetes-related quality measures with canagliflozin 100 mg , canagliflozin 300 mg , and sitagliptin 100 mg in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus .
METHODS	This post hoc analysis used pooled data from two 52-week , randomized , double-blind , phase 3 clinical trials that evaluated the comparative efficacy of canagliflozin and sitagliptin .
METHODS	One trial evaluated patients on metformin at baseline with add-on canagliflozin 100 mg , canagliflozin 300 mg , or sitagliptin 100 mg ; the other trial evaluated patients on metformin and a sulfonylurea at baseline with add-on canagliflozin 300 mg or sitagliptin 100 mg .
METHODS	Individual diabetes-related quality measures , including glycated hemoglobin ( A1C ) , blood pressure ( BP ) , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) , body mass index ( BMI ) , and change in body weight , were assessed .
RESULTS	At baseline , the proportions of patients meeting criteria for all quality measures were similar between groups .
RESULTS	At 52 weeks , compared with sitagliptin 100-mg treatment , canagliflozin 100 mg demonstrated either comparable or superior glycemic control .
RESULTS	Additionally , canagliflozin 100 mg versus sitagliptin 100 mg demonstrated superior attainment of BP , BMI , and weight-related quality measures ; no difference was seen with respect to LDL-C .
RESULTS	At 52 weeks , compared with sitagliptin 100-mg treatment , canagliflozin 300 mg demonstrated superior glycemic control at all thresholds of A1C , and superior BP , BMI , and weight-related quality measures ; there was no difference in LDL-C quality measure attainment .
CONCLUSIONS	We evaluated the comparative efficacy of canagliflozin 100 mg , canagliflozin 300 mg , and sitagliptin 100 mg on quality measure attainment after 52 weeks of treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with sitagliptin 100 mg , canagliflozin 100 mg demonstrated comparable or superior attainment of diabetes-related quality measures .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with sitagliptin 100 mg , canagliflozin 300 mg demonstrated superior diabetes-related quality measure attainment , including glycemic , BP , and weight-related quality measures ; there was no difference in LDL-C quality measure attainment between either dosage of canagliflozin and the 100-mg dosage of sitagliptin .

###25204714
OBJECTIVE	This study aimed to determine the effect of topical lidocaine on Penetration-Aspiration Scale ( PAS ) scores and patient comfort and tolerance of flexible endoscopic evaluation of swallowing ( FEES ) examinations in dysphagic patients .
METHODS	Adults with dysphagia referred for swallowing evaluation were recruited to participate in consecutive nonanesthetized and then anesthetized FEES examinations .
METHODS	Under endoscopic visualization , participants consumed 6 swallows consisting of graduated volumes of milk , pudding , and cracker in each condition and recorded their discomfort and tolerance in the 2 conditions .
METHODS	Penetration-Aspiration Scale scores were assigned in blinded fashion for each swallow .
RESULTS	Twenty-five adults participated in the study .
RESULTS	Although there was no statistically significant effect of anesthesia on PAS scores ( P = .065 ) , the odds of a higher PAS score were 33 % higher during anesthetized swallows .
RESULTS	The anesthetized condition yielded significantly less discomfort and pain during the examination , significantly less pain and discomfort during insertion and removal of the endoscope , and significantly greater overall tolerance than the nonanesthetized condition .
CONCLUSIONS	The use of topical lidocaine during FEES may impair swallowing ability in patients with dysphagia , but this result does not achieve statistical significance .
CONCLUSIONS	Topical nasal anesthesia significantly reduces subjective pain and discomfort and improves tolerance during FEES .

###25066869
OBJECTIVE	A prospective , randomized comparison of shock wave lithotripsy , retrograde intrarenal surgery and miniperc for the treatment of 1 to 2 cm radiolucent lower calyceal renal calculi was done to evaluate the safety and efficacy of these procedures .
METHODS	Patients with a single 1 to 2 cm radiolucent lower calyceal renal stone who underwent treatment between January 2012 and May 2013 were included in study .
METHODS	They were randomized to shock wave lithotripsy , retrograde intrarenal surgery and miniperc groups .
METHODS	Patient demographic profiles , success and re-treatment rates , auxiliary procedures and complications were analyzed .
RESULTS	A total of 45 patients were enrolled in each of the shock wave lithotripsy , retrograde intrarenal surgery and miniperc groups .
RESULTS	Three , 2 and 4 patients , respectively , were excluded from final analysis due to a matrix stone diagnosis .
RESULTS	Mean procedure and fluoroscopy times were significantly greater in the miniperc group than in the other groups .
RESULTS	Hospital stay ( 3.1 days vs 3.1 hours and 1.3 days , p = 0.01 ) and the blood transfusion rate ( 13.3 % vs 0 % and 0 % , p = 0.03 ) were significantly higher for miniperc vs shock wave lithotripsy and retrograde intrarenal surgery , respectively .
RESULTS	The re-treatment rate ( 63.4 % vs 2.1 % and 2.2 % , p < 0.001 ) and the auxiliary procedure rate ( 20.2 % vs 8.8 % and 6.6 % , p = 0.02 ) were significantly greater for shock wave lithotripsy than for retrograde intrarenal surgery and miniperc , respectively .
RESULTS	The 3-month stone-free rate of shock wave lithotripsy , retrograde intrarenal surgery and miniperc was 73.8 % ( 31 of 42 patients ) , 86.1 % ( 37 of 43 ) and 95.1 % ( 39 of 41 ) , respectively ( p = 0.01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Miniperc and retrograde intrarenal surgery were more effective than shock wave lithotripsy to treat 1 to 2 cm radiolucent lower calyceal renal calculi in terms of a better stone-free rate , and lesser auxiliary and re-treatment rates .
CONCLUSIONS	However , miniperc resulted in more complications , greater operative time and radiation exposure , and a longer hospital stay .

###25419180
BACKGROUND	Blood biomarkers are increasingly used to diagnose , guide therapy in , and risk-stratify community-acquired pneumonia ( CAP ) patients in emergency departments ( EDs ) .
BACKGROUND	How pre-analytic factors affect these markers ' initial levels in this population is unknown .
METHODS	In this secondary analysis of consecutive ED patients with CAP from a large multicentre antibiotic stewardship trial , we used adjusted multivariate regression models to determine the magnitude and statistical significance of differences in mean baseline concentrations of five biomarkers ( procalcitonin [ PCT ] , C-reactive protein [ CRP ] , white blood cells count [ WBC ] , proadrenomedullin [ ProADM ] , copeptin ) associated with six pre-analytic factors ( antibiotic or corticosteroid pretreatment , age , gender , chronic renal failure or chronic liver insufficiency ) .
RESULTS	Of 925 CAP patients ( median age 73 years , 58.8 % male ) , 25.5 % had antibiotic pretreatment , 2.4 % , corticosteroid pretreatment , 22.3 % , chronic renal failure , 2.4 % chronic liver insufficiency .
RESULTS	Differences associated with pre-analytic factors averaged 6.1 % 4.6 % ; the three largest statistically significant changes ( 95 % confidence interval ) were : PCT , +14.2 % ( +2.1 % to +26.4 % , p = 0.02 ) with liver insufficiency ; ProADM , +13.2 % ( +10.2 % to +16.1 % , p < 0.01 ) with age above median ; CRP , -12.8 % ( -25.4 % to -0.2 % , p = 0.05 ) with steroid pretreatment .
RESULTS	In post hoc sensitivity analyses , reclassification statistics showed that these factors did not result in significant changes of biomarker levels across clinically used cut-off ranges .
CONCLUSIONS	Despite statistically significant associations of some pre-analytic factors and biomarker levels , a clinically relevant influence seems unlikely .
CONCLUSIONS	Our observations reinforce the concept of using biomarkers in algorithms with widely-separated cut-offs and overruling criteria considering the entire clinical picture .
BACKGROUND	Identifier ISRCTN95122877 .

###25701866
BACKGROUND	Malaria prophylaxis is recommended for persons with sickle cell disease ( SCD ) , but the value of this has been questioned .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to find out whether intermittent preventive treatment ( IPT ) with a fixed-dose combination of mefloquine-artesunate ( MQAS ) or sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine plus amodiaquine ( SPAQ ) was more effective than daily proguanil for malaria prevention in subjects with SCD .
METHODS	Patients with SCD were randomized to receive daily treatment with proguanil or IPT with either MQAS or SPAQ once every 2 months at routine clinic visits .
METHODS	Patients were followed up for 14 months .
RESULTS	A total of 270 patients with SCD were studied , with 90 in each group .
RESULTS	Adherence to the IPT regimens was excellent , but 57 % of patients took < 75 % of their daily doses of proguanil .
RESULTS	IPT was well tolerated ; the most common side effects were vomiting and abdominal pain .
RESULTS	Protective efficacy against malaria , compared with daily proguanil , was 61 % ( 95 % confidence interval , 3 % -84 % ) for MQAS and 36 % ( 40 % -70 % ) for SPAQ .
RESULTS	There were fewer outpatient illness episodes in children who received IPT than those who received proguanil .
CONCLUSIONS	IPT with MQAS administered to patients with SCD during routine clinic visits was well tolerated and more effective in preventing malaria than daily prophylaxis with proguanil .
BACKGROUND	NCT01319448 and ISRCTN46158146 .

###24508285
OBJECTIVE	To compare the clinical effectiveness of a newly developed cognitive behavioural self-management manual delivered by specialist heart failure nurses or the same programme followed by the patient on their own , in terms of readmissions/admissions to hospital for any reason within a 12 month period , patient health related quality of life , self-management and carer quality of life .
METHODS	Pragmatic , open parallel group , randomised controlled trial .
METHODS	Open access heart failure diagnostic clinics and primary care .
METHODS	260 patients with a definitive diagnosis of symptomatic heart failure ( LVSD ) as defined by ECHO , clinical diagnosis or coronary angiography were eligible for the study .
METHODS	A newly developed nurse facilitated , cognitive behavioural self-management programme was developed and was delivered either by a heart failure nurse or by the patient on their own .
METHODS	Patient admission/readmission to hospital for any reason within a 12 month period following randomisation .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes were : participant health related quality of life as measured by the Minnesota Living with Heart Failure questionnaire , the Hospital , Anxiety and Depression Scale , the European self-care form .
RESULTS	There was no evidence of a difference between the groups in whether or not a patient was re-admitted to hospital during the 12 month follow-up period ( p = 0.66 ) .
RESULTS	There was no evidence of a difference between the treatment groups in the mean MLHF scores over time ( p = 0.768 ) , the European self-care questionnaire ( p = 0.340 ) or the mean HAD anxiety score ( p = 0.786 ) .
RESULTS	However , when adjusted for baseline scores the self-management group had a statistically significant higher HADS depression score at 12 months ( p = 0.003 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	There was no evidence of a difference in admissions/readmission to hospital between patients who undertook a brief heart failure self-management programme facilitated by a specialist heart failure nurse and those also receiving care from a specialist nurse who followed the programme on their own .
BACKGROUND	This trial is registered as ISRCTN84692046 .

###24768330
OBJECTIVE	For advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumour ( GIST ) patients who are responding to imatinib mesylate , the role of surgery has not been formally demonstrated .
OBJECTIVE	This multicenter randomised controlled trial was designed to assess whether surgery to treat residual disease for patients with recurrent/metastatic GISTs responding to imatinib mesylate ( IM ) improved progression free survival ( PFS ) compared with IM treatment alone .
METHODS	Between 3 and 12months after starting IM for recurrent/metastatic GISTs , eligible patients were randomised to two arms : Arm A ( surgery for residual disease ) and Arm B ( IM treatment alone ) .
METHODS	In Arm A ( 19pts ) , surgery was performed to remove residual macroscopic lesions as completely as possible , and IM treatment continued after surgery .
METHODS	In Arm B ( 22pts ) , IM was given alone at a dose of 400mg per day until disease progression .
METHODS	The primary end-point was PFS measured from the date IM started .
METHODS	This study was registered in the ChiCTR registry with the ID number ChiCTR-TRC-00000244 .
RESULTS	This randomised trial was closed early due to poor accrual .
RESULTS	Only 41 patients were enrolled as opposed to 210 patients planned .
RESULTS	2-year PFS was 88.4 % in the surgery arm and 57.7 % in the IM-alone arm ( P = 0.089 ) .
RESULTS	Median overall survival ( mOS ) was not reached in the surgery arm and 49months in patients with IM-alone arm ( P = 0.024 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	While no significant differences were observed in the two arms , this study suggests that surgical removal of the metastatic lesion may improve the outcome of advanced GIST patients and should stimulate additional research on this topic .

###24917354
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to compare the effects of low-volume , high-intensity aerobic interval training ( HAIT ) on maximal oxygen consumption ( VOmax ) , left ventricular ( LV ) mass , and heart rate recovery ( HRR ) with high-volume , moderate-intensity continuous aerobic training ( CAT ) in sedentary adults .
METHODS	Twenty-four healthy but sedentary male adults ( aged 29.2 7.2 years ) participated in an 8-week , 3-day a week , supervised exercise intervention .
METHODS	They were randomly assigned to either HAIT ( 18 min , 180 kcal per exercise session ) or CAT ( 45 min , 360 kcal ) .
METHODS	VOmax , LV mass ( 3T-MRI ) , and HRR at 1 min ( HRR-1 ) and 2 min ( HRR-2 ) after maximal exercise were measured pre - and post-intervention .
RESULTS	Changes in VOmax during the 8-week intervention were significant ( P < 0.01 ) in both groups ( HAIT , 8.7 3.2 ml kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) , 22.4 8.9 % ; CAT , 5.5 2.8 ml kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) , 14.7 9.5 % ) , while the VOmax improvement in HAIT was greater ( P = 0.02 ) than in CAT .
RESULTS	LV mass in HAIT increased ( 5.1 8.4 g , 5.7 9.1 % , P = 0.05 ) , but not in CAT ( 0.9 7.8 g , 1.1 8.4 % , P = 0.71 ) .
RESULTS	While changes in HRR-1 were not significant in either group , change in HRR-2 for HAIT ( 9.5 6.4 bpm , 19.0 16.0 % , P < 0.01 ) was greater ( P = 0.03 ) than for CAT ( 1.6 10.9 bpm , 3.9 16.2 % , P = 0.42 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study suggests that HAIT has potential as a time-efficient training mode to improve cardiorespiratory capacity and autonomic nervous system function in sedentary adults .

###24646343
OBJECTIVE	To investigate short - and long-term effects of real-time monitoring medication use combined with short message service ( SMS ) reminders for missed doses on refill adherence to oral anti-diabetic medication .
METHODS	A randomized controlled trial with two intervention groups and one control group involving 161 participants with Type2 diabetes with suboptimal adherence .
METHODS	For 6months , participants in the SMS group ( n = 56 ) were monitored and received SMS reminders if they missed their medication .
METHODS	Participants in the non-SMS group ( n = 48 ) were only monitored .
METHODS	The control group ( n = 57 ) was not exposed to any intervention .
METHODS	Primary outcome measure was refill adherence to oral anti-diabetic medication .
METHODS	Multi-level regression analyses were performed to examine intervention effects on adherence between and within groups after 1 and 2years of follow-up .
RESULTS	At baseline , mean refill adherence was comparable between the groups .
RESULTS	After 1year , adherence in the SMS group was significantly higher than in the control group ( 79.5 % vs. 64.5 % ; P < 0.001 ) and showed a significant improvement from baseline ( +16.3 % ; P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Mean adherence in the non-SMS group reached 73.1 % ( +7.3 % ; P < 0.05 ) , but did not differ from the control group ( P = 0.06 ) .
RESULTS	After 2years , the improved adherence in the SMS group persisted and remained significantly higher than in the control group ( 80.4 % vs. 68.4 % ; P < .01 ) , contrary to the non-SMS group whose adherence approached baseline level again ( 65.5 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study shows the long-term effectiveness of real-time medication monitoring combined with SMS reminders in improving refill adherence .
CONCLUSIONS	This new reminder system can strengthen the self-management of people with diabetes .

###24299607
BACKGROUND	Rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) , as a common systemic inflammatory autoimmune disease , affects approximately 1 in 100 individuals .
BACKGROUND	Effective treatment for RA is not yet available because current research does not have a clear understanding of the etiology and pathogenesis of RA .
BACKGROUND	Xinfeng Capsule , a patent Chinese herbal medicine , has been used in the treatment of RA in recent years .
BACKGROUND	Despite its reported clinical efficacy , there are no large-sample , multicenter , randomized trials that support the use of Xinfeng Capsule for RA .
BACKGROUND	Therefore , we designed a randomized , double-blind , multicenter , placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy and safety of Xinfeng Capsule in the treatment of RA .
METHODS	This is a 12-week , randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blind , multicenter trial on the treatment of RA .
METHODS	The participants will be randomly assigned to the experimental group and the control group at a ratio of 1:1 .
METHODS	Participants in the experimental group will receive Xinfeng Capsule and a pharmaceutical placebo ( imitation leflunomide ) .
METHODS	The control group will receive leflunomide and an herbal placebo ( imitation Xinfeng Capsule ) .
METHODS	The American College of Rheumatology ( ACR ) Criteria for RA will be used to measure the efficacy of the Xinfeng Capsule .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure will be the percentage of study participants who achieve an ACR 20 % response rate ( ACR20 ) , which will be measured every 4 weeks after randomization .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes will include the ACR50 and ACR70 responses , the side effects of the medications , the Disease Activity Score 28 , RA biomarkers , quality of life , and X-rays of the hands and wrists .
METHODS	The first four of the secondary outcomes will be measured every 4 weeks and the others will be measured at baseline and after 12 weeks of treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	The result of this trial will help to evaluate whether Xinfeng Capsule is effective and safe in the treatment of RA .
BACKGROUND	This trial has been registered in ClinicalTrials.gov .
BACKGROUND	The identifier is NCT01774877 .

###24355450
BACKGROUND	Despite rehabilitation programmes offered to all patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes in Denmark , a number of patients either never accomplish good diabetes regulation or the regulation deteriorates with time .
BACKGROUND	Therefore , new approaches are needed .
BACKGROUND	The aim of the present study is to examine whether telemedicine conferences with a nurse can contribute to achieving good diabetes control among patients with poorly regulated type 2 diabetes .
METHODS	A total of 165 patients with type 2 diabetes who have formerly undergone a rehabilitation programme are randomized to either telemedicine intervention or usual care .
METHODS	The intervention lasts for 32 weeks and consists of monthly videoconferences with a nurse from a health-care centre as an add-on to usual care .
METHODS	Blood sugar , blood pressure and weight are regularly self-monitored and measurements are automatically transferred to a database .
METHODS	Glycaemic control ( HbA1c level ) is examined at baseline , 16 weeks , 32 weeks and 58 weeks ( six months post intervention ) .
METHODS	Blood pressure , weight , waist/hip ratio , quality of life , physical activity , lipids , creatinine and haemoglobin are examined at baseline and after 32 weeks .
CONCLUSIONS	The study will examine whether telemedicine technology can contribute to achieving good diabetes regulation .
BACKGROUND	The City of Copenhagen and the Prevention Fund of the Capital Region of Denmark funded the project .
BACKGROUND	Also `` Smedemester Niels Hansen og Hustru Johanne F. Frederiksens Legat '' has supported the study .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov registration number : NCT01688778 .

###25056240
BACKGROUND	Different aspiration techniques to retrieve bronchoalveolar lavage fluid ( BALF ) affect sample quality in healthy dogs .
BACKGROUND	Studies evaluating these techniques in dogs with respiratory disease are lacking .
OBJECTIVE	To compare sample quality of BALF acquired by manual aspiration ( MA ) and suction pump aspiration ( SPA ) .
METHODS	Eighteen client-owned dogs with respiratory disease .
METHODS	Randomized , blinded prospective clinical trial .
METHODS	Manual aspiration was performed with a 35-mL syringe attached directly to the bronchoscope biopsy channel and SPA was performed with a maximum of 50 mmHg negative pressure applied to the bronchoscope suction valve using the suction trap connection .
METHODS	Both aspiration techniques were performed in each dog on contralateral lung lobes , utilizing 2 mL/kg lavage volumes per site .
METHODS	Samples of BALF were analyzed by percentage of retrieved infusate , total nucleated cell count ( TNCC ) , differential cell count , semiquantitative assessment of slide quality , and diagnosis score .
METHODS	Data were compared by paired Student 's t-test , Wilcoxon signed-rank test , chi-squared test , and ANOVA .
METHODS	Cohen 's kappa coefficient was used to assess agreement .
RESULTS	The percentage of retrieved BALF ( P = .001 ) was significantly higher for SPA than MA .
RESULTS	Substantial agreement was found between cytologic classification of BALF obtained with MA and SPA ( kappa = 0.615 ) .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in rate of definitive diagnosis achieved with cytologic assessment between techniques ( P = .78 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Suction pump aspiration , compared to MA , improved BALF retrieval , but did not significantly affect the rate of diagnostic success of bronchoalveolar lavage ( BAL ) in dogs with pulmonary disease .

###25673440
BACKGROUND	As a Chinese Traditional Medicine product , Kuntai capsule could improve the peri-menopausal symptoms in postmenopausal women .
BACKGROUND	But it is still not clear whether Kuntai capsule has a good effect on alleviating peri-menopausal symptoms induced by gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist ( GnRH-a ) treatment .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical effectiveness and safety of Kuntai capsule , on peri-menopausal symptoms in endometriosis ( EMS ) patients , with postoperative GnRH-a treatment .
METHODS	Ninety EMS ovarian cyst women with postoperative GnRH-a administration were enrolled in the study , and were randomly divided into Kuntai group , Tibolone group , or blank Control group .
METHODS	The therapeutic strategy in Kuntai group was 4 Kuntai capsules tid , po for 12 weeks after the first GnRH-a injection , while Tibolone 2.5 mg qd , po for 12 weeks in Tibolone group .
METHODS	There was no drug addition in Control group .
METHODS	Climacteric complaints were evaluated by Kupperman menopausal index ( KMI ) and hot flash/sweating score .
METHODS	Liver and renal functions , lipid profile , serum sex hormone levels and endometrial thickness were measured , and the frequency of adverse events in Kuntai and Tibolone groups was recorded .
RESULTS	( 1 ) Before GnRH-a therapy , the baseline parameter results were comparable in the three groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 2 ) After GnRH-a therapy , KMI and hot flash/sweating scores in all the three groups increased significantly ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	At the 4 th week after GnRH-a therapy , KMI and hot flash/sweating score results were as follows : Control group > Kuntai group > Tibolone group ( P < 0.05 ) ; at the 8 th and 12 th week after GnRH-a therapy , KMI and hot flash/sweating score in Control group were significantly higher than the other two groups ( P < 0.05 ) , and no significant difference was identified between Kuntai and Tibolone group ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 3 ) No statistical change took place in the liver and renal functions and lipid profile in all the three groups after the treatment ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 4 ) The posttherapeutic serum follicle-stimulating hormone ( FSH ) , luteinizing hormone ( LH ) and estradiol ( E2 ) level and endometrial thickness decreased significantly in all the three groups ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	After therapy , serum E2 level in Tibolone group was obviously higher than the other two groups ( P < 0.05 ) , while FSH and LH levels were obviously lower ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	( 5 ) The incidence of vaginal bleeding , breast distending pain in Tibolne group was obviously higher than Kuntai group ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Kuntai capsule is effective on the peri-menopausal symptoms induced by postoperative GnRH-a administration to EMS patients , although its clinical effect might be a few weeks later than Tibolone .
CONCLUSIONS	Kuntai capsule might be a little safer than Tibolone tablet .

###26054175
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this clinical investigation was to evaluate the effectiveness of a marketed whitening chewing gum compared to a no-gum control in preventing the formation of extrinsic stains on the teeth of stain-forming subjects when chewed over a 12-week period of regular unsupervised use in conjunction with daily tooth brushing .
METHODS	This was a single-center , examiner-blind , randomized , 12-week crossover clinical trial .
METHODS	Stain-forming ( after smoking or drinking coffee or tea ) adults , starting with a stain-free baseline , either chewed the test gum ( Orbit White ) unsupervised four times per day , 15 minutes/chew , or used no gum along with daily brushing with a commercially available toothbrush and dentifrice for 12 weeks .
METHODS	At the crossover , all procedures were repeated with subjects assigned the opposite treatment .
METHODS	Extrinsic stain was measured at six and 12 weeks by both the Lobene Stain Index ( LSI ) and the Modified Lobene Stain Index ( MLSI ) using separate experienced examiners .
RESULTS	After 12 weeks , LSI stain scores showed a significant 25 % reduction ( p = 0.0008 ) in new stain formation for subjects using the test chewing gum along with tooth brushing versus tooth brushing alone ( no-gum control ) .
RESULTS	The corresponding MLSI stain scores demonstrated a 36 % reduction ( p < 0.0001 ) in the formation of extrinsic stain on the teeth .
CONCLUSIONS	The overall findings of this clinical study demonstrated that regular use of Orbit White chewing gum , soon after smoking or drinking coffee or tea , will supplement daily tooth brushing in preventing unsightly stains from forming on the anterior teeth compared to brushing alone .

###25842575
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of cervical arthroplasty and anterior cervical discectomy fusion methods .
METHODS	The randomised clinical trial was conducted at the neurosurgical clinic of University of Harran , Turkey , between February 2009 and January 2010 .
METHODS	The patients had single level disc disorder between C4-C7 levels .
METHODS	Before surgery , all of the patients had taken medical treatment with no improvement .
METHODS	Surgery was conducted with anterior approach , and disc prosthesis or polyetheretherketone cage for fusion were applied after patients were randomly divided into two groups .
METHODS	For preoperative and postoperative clinical evaluations Neck Disability Index and Visual Analogue Scale were used .
METHODS	Surgical results were evaluated according to Odom 's criterion , and ` excellent ' and ` good ' results were accepted as successful .
METHODS	P < 0.05 was taken as statistically significant .
RESULTS	Of the 42 patients in the study , 23 ( 54.76 % ) were treated with Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion , and 19 ( 45.23 % ) with Cervical Disc Arthroplasty .
RESULTS	There were no statistical differences between postoperative mean Visual Analogue Scale score ( p < 0.86 ) and Neck Disability Index scores ( p < 0.11 ) in the two groups .
RESULTS	Average decrease in lordosis angle was 1.2 degree in Arthroplasty group , while it was 1 degree in the Fusion group .
RESULTS	Postoperative adjacent segment degeneration was not detected in either group .
CONCLUSIONS	Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion , and Cervical Disc Arthroplasty are safe and successful methods for the treatment of single level cervical disc disease .
CONCLUSIONS	Although the latter is a relatively new technique performed with increased frequency , but its superiority is still uncertain .

###24443305
OBJECTIVE	The objective of study was to develop an accurate and reproducible HPLC method for determination of piracetam in human plasma and to evaluate pharmacokinetic parameters of 800 mg piracetam .
METHODS	A simple , rapid , accurate , precise and sensitive high pressure liquid chromatography method has been developed and subsequently validated for determination of piracetam .
METHODS	This study represents the results of a randomized , single-dose and single-period in 18 healthy male volunteers to assess pharmacokinetic parameters of 800 mg piracetam tablets .
METHODS	Various pharmacokinetic parameters were determined from plasma for piracetam and found to be in good agreement with previous reported values .
METHODS	The data was analyzed by using Kinetica version 4.4 according to non-compartment model of pharmacokinetic analysis and after comparison with previous studies , no significant differences were found in present study of tested product .
RESULTS	The major pharmacokinetic parameters for piracetam were as follows : t1/2 was ( 4.40 0.179 ) h ; Tmax value was ( 2.33 0.105 ) h ; Cmax was ( 14.53 0.282 ) g/mL ; the AUC ( 0 - ) was ( 59.19 4.402 ) gh/mL .
RESULTS	AUMC ( 0 - ) was ( 367.23 38.96 ) g. ( h ) ( 2 ) / mL ; Ke was ( 0.16 0.006 ) h ; MRT was ( 5.80 0.227 ) h ; Vd was ( 96.36 8.917 L ) .
CONCLUSIONS	A rapid , accurate and precise high pressure liquid chromatography method was developed and validated before the study .
CONCLUSIONS	It is concluded that this method is very useful for the analysis of pharmacokinetic parameters , in human plasma and assured the safety and efficacy of piracetam , can be effectively used in medical practice .

###25142566
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy of mindfulness meditation for the treatment of chronic insomnia .
METHODS	Three-arm , single-site , randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Academic medical center .
METHODS	Fifty-four adults with chronic insomnia .
METHODS	Participants were randomized to either mindfulness-based stress reduction ( MBSR ) , mindfulness-based therapy for insomnia ( MBTI ) , or an eight-week self-monitoring ( SM ) condition .
RESULTS	Patient-reported outcome measures were total wake time ( TWT ) from sleep diaries , the pre-sleep arousal scale ( PSAS ) , measuring a prominent waking correlate of insomnia , and the Insomnia Severity Index ( ISI ) to determine remission and response as clinical endpoints .
RESULTS	Objective sleep measures were derived from laboratory polysomnography and wrist actigraphy .
RESULTS	Linear mixed models showed that those receiving a meditation-based intervention ( MBSR or MBTI ) had significantly greater reductions on TWT minutes ( 43.75 vs 1.09 ) , PSAS ( 7.13 vs 0.16 ) , and ISI ( 4.56 vs 0.06 ) from baseline-to-post compared to SM .
RESULTS	Post hoc analyses revealed that each intervention was superior to SM on each of the patient-reported measures , but no significant differences were found when comparing MBSR to MBTI from baseline-to-post .
RESULTS	From baseline to 6-month follow-up , MBTI had greater reductions in ISI scores than MBSR ( P < 0.05 ) , with the largest difference occurring at the 3-month follow-up .
RESULTS	Remission and response rates in MBTI and MBSR were sustained from post-treatment through follow-up , with MBTI showing the highest rates of treatment remission ( 50 % ) and response ( 78.6 % ) at the 6-month follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	Mindfulness meditation appears to be a viable treatment option for adults with chronic insomnia and could provide an alternative to traditional treatments for insomnia .
BACKGROUND	Mindfulness-Based Approaches to Insomnia : clinicaltrials.gov , identifier : NCT00768781 .

###26289684
OBJECTIVE	To determine the effect of nurse-implemented transitional care ( TC ) on readmission and mortality rates in Chinese individuals with chronic heart failure ( CHF ) in Hong Kong .
METHODS	Single-center randomized controlled trial of TC versus usual care ( UC ) .
METHODS	University-affiliated hospital in Hong Kong .
METHODS	Hospitalized Chinese individuals with CHF ( N = 178 ; aged 78.6 6.9 , 45 % male ) .
METHODS	The TC group received a predischarge visit , two home visits , and then regular telephone calls over 9 months to provide self-care education and support , optimized health surveillance , and facilitation in use of community services .
METHODS	Primary endpoints were event-free survival , all-cause hospital readmission , and mortality during the 9-month follow-up .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints were length of hospital stay , self-care , and health-related quality of life ( HRQL ) .
METHODS	Data were analyzed using survival analysis and generalized estimating equations , following an intention-to-treat principle .
RESULTS	Survival analysis indicated no significant differences in event-free survival , hospital readmission , or mortality between the TC and UC groups , although the TC group had a lower hospital readmission rate at 6 weeks ( 8.1 % vs 16.3 % , P = .048 ) and lower mortality at 9 months ( 4.1 % vs 13.8 % , P = .03 ) .
RESULTS	The TC group also had a shorter hospital stay ( P = .006 ) and significantly better self-care and HRQL .
RESULTS	Because of attrition , sensitivity analyses were conducted to examine whether the intention-to-treat assumption affected the results .
RESULTS	Per-protocol population analyses ( hazard ratio ( HR ) = 0.40 , 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) = 0.17-0 .93 ) and worst-case-scenario analysis ( HR = 0.44 , 95 % CI = 0.25-0 .77 ) suggested a lower mortality risk in the TC group .
CONCLUSIONS	The translation of individual-centered nurse-implemented TC to the Chinese culture and healthcare context of Hong Kong appears beneficial .

###25498484
BACKGROUND	To investigate the mechanism of action of tranexamic acid ( TXA ) in bleeding trauma patients , we examined the timing of its effect on mortality .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesised that if TXA reduces mortality by decreasing blood loss , its effect should be greatest on the day of the injury when bleeding is most profuse .
BACKGROUND	However , if TXA reduces mortality via an anti-inflammatory mechanism its effect should be greater over the subsequent days .
METHODS	Exploratory analysis , including per-protocol analyses , of data from the CRASH-2 trial , a randomised placebo controlled trial of the effect of TXA on mortality in 20,211 trauma patients with , or at risk of , significant bleeding .
METHODS	We examined hazard ratios ( HR ) and 95 % confidence intervals for all-cause mortality , deaths due to bleeding and non-bleeding deaths , according to the day since injury .
METHODS	The CRASH-2 trial is registered as ISRCTN86750102 and ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00375258 .
RESULTS	The effect of TXA on mortality is greatest for deaths occurring on the day of the injury ( HR all-cause mortality = 0.83 , 0.73 to 0.93 ) .
RESULTS	This survival benefit is only evident in patients in whom treatment is initiated within 3 hours of their injury ( HR 3 hours = 0.78 , 0.68 to 0.90 ; HR > 3 hours = 1.02 , 0.76 to 1.36 ) .
RESULTS	Initiation of TXA treatment within 3 hours of injury reduced the hazard of death due to bleeding on the day of the injury by 28 % ( HR = 0.72 , 0.60 to 0.86 ) .
RESULTS	TXA treatment initiated beyond 3 hours of injury appeared to increase the hazard of death due to bleeding , although the estimates were imprecise .
CONCLUSIONS	Early administration of tranexamic acid appears to reduce mortality primarily by preventing exsanguination on the day of the injury .

###24992939
BACKGROUND	Photoperiod is known to cause physiological changes in seasonal mammals , including changes in body weight , physical activity , reproductive status , and adipose tissue gene expression in several species .
BACKGROUND	The objective of this study was to determine the effects of day length on the adipose transcriptome of cats as assessed by RNA sequencing .
BACKGROUND	Ten healthy adult neutered male domestic shorthair cats were used in a randomized crossover design study .
BACKGROUND	During two 12-wk periods , cats were exposed to either short days ( 8 hr light :16 hr dark ) or long days ( 16 hr light :8 hr dark ) .
BACKGROUND	Cats were fed a commercial diet to maintain baseline body weight to avoid weight-related bias .
BACKGROUND	Subcutaneous adipose biopsies were collected at wk 12 of each period for RNA isolation and sequencing .
RESULTS	A total of 578 million sequences ( 28.9 million/sample ) were generated by Illumina sequencing .
RESULTS	A total of 170 mRNA transcripts were differentially expressed between short day - and long day-housed cats .
RESULTS	89 annotated transcripts were up-regulated by short days , while 24 annotated transcripts were down-regulated by short days .
RESULTS	Another 57 un-annotated transcripts were also different between groups .
RESULTS	Adipose tissue of short day-housed cats had greater expression of genes involved with cell growth and differentiation ( e.g. , myostatin ; frizzled-related protein ) , cell development and structure ( e.g. , cytokeratins ) , and protein processing and ubiquitination ( e.g. , kelch-like proteins ) .
RESULTS	In contrast , short day-housed cats had decreased expression of genes involved with immune function ( e.g. , plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 ; chemokine ( C-C motif ) ligand 2 ; C-C motif chemokine 5 ; T-cell activators ) , and altered expression of genes associated with carbohydrate and lipid metabolism .
CONCLUSIONS	Collectively , these gene expression changes suggest that short day housing may promote adipogenesis , minimize inflammation and oxidative stress , and alter nutrient metabolism in feline adipose tissue , even when fed to maintain body weight .
CONCLUSIONS	Although this study has highlighted molecular mechanisms contributing to the seasonal metabolic changes observed in cats , future research that specifically targets and studies these biological pathways , and the physiological outcomes that are affected by them , is justified .

###25160533
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of lutein on systemic complement activation in elderly individuals .
METHODS	Seventy patients with signs of early age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) were included in this study .
METHODS	All subjects were randomly assigned to receive a 10 mg daily dose of lutein or a placebo for a time period of 1 year .
METHODS	EDTA blood was collected before and at various time-points during the study ( 0 , 4 , 8 and 12 months ) .
METHODS	The plasma level of the soluble complement membrane attack complex sC5b-9 was measured by ELISA .
RESULTS	We found a significant 1.1 ng/ml monthly decrease in the plasma sC5b-9 concentration in the lutein group ( p < 0.001 ) , resulting in a decrease from 60.3 ng/ml at baseline to 46.3 ng/ml at 12 months .
RESULTS	For the placebo group , we found a significant 0.6 ng/ml monthly increase in plasma sC5b-9 concentration ( p = 0.001 ) , resulting in an increase from 51.6 ng/ml at baseline to 58.4 ng/ml at 12 months .
CONCLUSIONS	Lutein supplementation inhibits the systemic activation of the complement system , which provides further functional evidence for the reported beneficial effects of this carotenoid in the management of AMD .

###24391801
BACKGROUND	Tuberculosis ( TB ) is common among HIV-infected individuals in many resource-limited countries and has been associated with poor survival .
BACKGROUND	We evaluated morbidity and mortality among individuals first starting antiretroviral therapy ( ART ) with concurrent active TB or other AIDS-defining disease using data from the `` Prospective Evaluation of Antiretrovirals in Resource-Limited Settings '' ( PEARLS ) study .
METHODS	PARTICIPANTS WERE CATEGORIZED RETROSPECTIVELY INTO THREE GROUPS ACCORDING TO PRESENCE OF ACTIVE CONFIRMED OR PRESUMPTIVE DISEASE AT ART INITIATION : those with pulmonary and/or extrapulmonary TB ( `` TB '' group ) , those with other non-TB AIDS-defining disease ( `` other disease '' ) , or those without concurrent TB or other AIDS-defining disease ( `` no disease '' ) .
METHODS	Primary outcome was time to the first of virologic failure , HIV disease progression or death .
METHODS	Since the groups differed in characteristics , proportional hazard models were used to compare the hazard of the primary outcome among study groups , adjusting for age , sex , country , screening CD4 count , baseline viral load and ART regimen .
RESULTS	31 of 102 participants ( 30 % ) in the `` TB '' group , 11 of 56 ( 20 % ) in the `` other disease '' group , and 287 of 1413 ( 20 % ) in the `` no disease '' group experienced a primary outcome event ( p = 0.042 ) .
RESULTS	This difference reflected higher mortality in the TB group : 15 ( 15 % ) , 0 ( 0 % ) and 41 ( 3 % ) participants died , respectively ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The adjusted hazard ratio comparing the `` TB '' and `` no disease '' groups was 1.39 ( 95 % confidence interval : 0.93-2 .10 ; p = 0.11 ) for the primary outcome and 3.41 ( 1.72-6 .75 ; p < 0.001 ) for death .
CONCLUSIONS	Active TB at ART initiation was associated with increased risk of mortality in HIV-1 infected patients .

###25233646
OBJECTIVE	To compare the clinical efficacy in the treatment of post-stroke shoulder-hand syndrome between floating-needle therapy and conventional acupuncture on the basis of rehabilitation training .
METHODS	One hundred cases of post-stroke shoulder-hand syndrome were randomized into a floating-needle group and an acupuncture group , 50 cases in each one .
METHODS	The passive and positive rehabilitation training was adopted in the two groups .
METHODS	Additionally , in the floating-needle group , the floating-needle therapy was used .
METHODS	The needle was inserted at the site 5 to 10 cm away from myofasical trigger point ( MTrP ) , manipulated and scattered subcutaneously , for 2 min continuously .
METHODS	In the acupuncture group , the conventional acupuncture was applied at Jianqian ( EX-UE ) , Jianyu ( LI 15 ) , Jianliao ( TE 14 ) , etc. .
METHODS	The treatment was given once every two days , 3 times a week , and 14 days of treatment were required .
METHODS	The shoulder hand syndrome scale ( SHSS ) , the short form McGill pain scale ( SF-MPQ ) and the modified Fugl-Meyer motor function scale ( FMA ) were used to evaluate the damage severity , pain and motor function of the upper limbs before and after treatment in the two groups .
METHODS	The clinical efficacy was compared between the two groups .
RESULTS	SHSS score , SF-MPQ score and FMA score were improved significantly after treatment in the two groups ( all P < 0.01 ) , and the improvements in the floating-needle group were superior to those in the acupuncture group ( all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The total effective rate was 94.0 % ( 47/50 ) in the floating-needle group , which was better than 90.0 % ( 45/50 ) in the acupuncture group ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The floating-needle therapy combined with rehabilitation training achieves a satisfactory efficacy on post-stroke shoulder-hand syndrome , which is better than the combined therapy of conventional acupuncture and rehabilitation training .

###25494297
OBJECTIVE	To prospectively determine the feasibility of low-iodine-load and low-tube-voltage computed tomographic ( CT ) angiographic imaging of the kidney and to evaluate the opacification and image quality compared with moderate-iodine-load and high-iodine-load techniques .
METHODS	Institutional review board approval and written informed consent was obtained .
METHODS	One hundred thirteen consecutive patients randomly underwent three protocols for dual-phase renal CT angiographic imaging : high-iodine-load ( 600 mg iodine per kilogram of body weight at 120 kVp ) ; moderate-iodine-load ( 400 mg iodine per kilogram of body weight at 80 kVp ) ; and low-iodine-load ( contrast agent injection initially prepared at 400 mg iodine per kilogram of body weight but stopped immediately after bolus-tracking trigger at 80 kVp ) scanning .
METHODS	CT numbers of vessels and kidneys were measured .
METHODS	CT numbers and signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) were compared with one-way analysis of variance and posthoc Tukey-Kramer test and depiction of vessels and image noise , with Kruskal-Wallis test and pair-wise Mann-Whitney test with Bonferroni correction .
RESULTS	Mean iodine weight administered was significantly reduced in order of low - ( 16.4 g ) , moderate - ( 23.5 g ) , and high-iodine-load ( 33.7 g ) protocols ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Mean CT numbers of abdominal aorta , renal artery , and renal cortex in first phase were significantly lower with high-iodine-load protocol ( 308 , 274 , and 132 HU , respectively ) than with moderate - ( 347 , 334 , and 156 HU , respectively ; P = .001 -.006 ) or low-iodine-load ( 362 , 316 , and 161 HU , respectively ; P = .001 -.003 ) protocol .
RESULTS	Mean CT number of renal vein in second phase was significantly lower with low-iodine-load protocol ( 223 HU ) than with moderate - ( 299 HU ; P < .001 ) or high-iodine-load ( 258 HU ; P = .020 ) .
RESULTS	Mean SNR of renal medulla in second phase was significantly lower ( P = .019 ) with moderate-iodine-load protocol ( mean SNR , 7.2 ) than with high-iodine-load protocol ( mean SNR , 10.0 ) .
RESULTS	No significant difference in image quality grades was found between high-iodine-load ( mean grade , 2.6-2 .9 ) , moderate-iodine-load ( mean grade , 2.6-3 .0 ) , and low-iodine-load ( mean grade , 2.6-2 .9 ) protocols ( P = .018 -.31 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Combined application of low-iodine-load , bolus tracking with saline flushing , and low-tube-voltage scanning is feasible and resulted in substantial reduction of iodine dose for renal CT angiographic imaging without compromising image quality .

###24449819
BACKGROUND	Transendocardial stem cell injection ( TESI ) with mesenchymal stem cells improves remodeling in chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy , but the effect of the injection site remains unknown .
OBJECTIVE	To address whether TESI exerts its effects at the site of injection only or also in remote areas , we hypothesized that segmental myocardial scar and segmental ejection fraction improve to a greater extent in injected than in noninjected segments .
RESULTS	Biplane ventriculographic and endocardial tracings were recorded .
RESULTS	TESI was guided to 10 sites in infarct-border zones .
RESULTS	Sites were mapped according to the 17-myocardial segment model .
RESULTS	As a result , 510 segments were analyzed in 30 patients before and 13 months after TESI .
RESULTS	Segmental early enhancement defect ( a measure of scar size ) was reduced by TESI in both injected ( -43.7 4.4 % ; n = 95 ; P < 0.01 ) and noninjected segments ( -25.1 7.8 % ; n = 148 ; P < 0.001 ; between-group comparison P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Conversely , segmental ejection fraction ( a measure of contractile performance ) improved in injected scar segments ( 19.9 3.3-26 .3 3.5 % ; P = 0.003 ) but not in noninjected scar segments ( 21.3 2.6-23 .5 3.2 % ; P = 0.20 ; between-group comparison P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Furthermore , segmental ejection fraction in injected scar segments improved to a greater degree in patients with baseline segmental ejection fraction < 20 % ( 12.1 1.2-19 .9 2.7 % ; n = 18 ; P = 0.003 ) , versus < 20 % ( 31.7 3.4-35 .5 3.3 % ; n = 12 ; P = 0.33 , between-group comparison P < 0.0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings illustrate a dichotomy in regional responses to TESI .
CONCLUSIONS	Although scar size reduction was evident in all scar segments , scar size reduction and ventricular functional responses preferentially occurred at the sites of TESI versus non-TESI sites .
CONCLUSIONS	Furthermore , improvement was greatest when segmental left ventricular dysfunction was severe .

###24613110
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effectiveness of recombinant human ( rh ) IL-11 to increase platelets count in patients suffering from Dengue fever ( DF ) .
METHODS	Randomized double blind placebo control study .
METHODS	Farooq Hospital , Lahore , from July to October 2011 .
METHODS	Forty hospitalized patients suffering from Dengue fever having platelets count 30000 per micro liter were randomly categorized into two groups , rhIL-11 ( test ) and distilled water ( placebo ) groups .
METHODS	The efficacy outcomes ( as indicated by step up in platelets count at 48 hours ) for the treatment group were compared with the outcomes for the placebo group .
RESULTS	The data revealed that the increase in platelet response with recombinant human interleukin 11 , 1.5 mg subcutaneously is significantly more brisk than the placebo group .
RESULTS	The platelets response in patients with severe thrombocytopenia was greater in the treatment group ( 50 % ) at 48 hours as compared to the placebo group ( 20 % ) ( p = 0.047 ) .
RESULTS	Response rate was slightly greater among males ( 6/10 , 60 % ) than females ( 8/16 , 50 % ) ; moreover , three-fourth ( 75 % ) female responders were in the placebo group , compared to half ( 50 % ) male responders in the treatment group .
CONCLUSIONS	Results of the study suggest that treatment of severe thrombocytopenia accompanying DF with recombinant human interleukin11 may be a useful therapeutic option .

###25336939
BACKGROUND	People with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease lead sedentary lives and could benefit from increasing their physical activity .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of this study was to determine if an exercise-specific self-efficacy enhancing intervention could increase physical activity and functional performance when delivered in the context of 4 months of upper body resistance training with a 12-month follow-up .
METHODS	IN THIS RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIAL , SUBJECTS WERE ASSIGNED TO : exercise-specific self-efficacy enhancing intervention with upper body resistance training ( SE-UBR ) , health education with upper body resistance training ( ED-UBR ) , or health education with gentle chair exercises ( ED-Chair ) .
METHODS	Physical activity was measured with an accelerometer and functional performance was measured with the Functional Performance Inventory .
METHODS	Forty-nine people with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease completed 4 months of training and provided valid accelerometry data , and 34 also provided accelerometry data at 12 months of follow-up .
METHODS	The self-efficacy enhancing intervention emphasized meeting physical activity guidelines and increasing moderate-to-vigorous physical activity .
RESULTS	Differences were observed in light physical activity ( LPA ) after 4 months of training , time by group interaction effect ( P = 0.045 ) .
RESULTS	The SE-UBR group increased time spent in LPA by +20.6829.30 minutes/day and the other groups decreased time spent in LPA by -22.4347.88 minutes/day and -25.7351.76 minutes/day .
RESULTS	Changes in LPA were not sustained at 12-month follow-up .
RESULTS	There were no significant changes in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity , sedentary time , or functional performance .
RESULTS	Subjects spent most of their waking hours sedentary : 72 % 9 % for SE-UBR , 68 % 10 % for ED-UBR , and 74 % 9 % for ED-Chair .
CONCLUSIONS	The self-efficacy enhancing intervention produced a modest short-term increase in LPA .
CONCLUSIONS	Further work is needed to increase the magnitude and duration of effect , possibly by targeting LPA .

###25371053
BACKGROUND	Inhaled endotoxin induces airways ` neutrophilia , in human .
BACKGROUND	TNF-a being a key cytokine in the response to endotoxin , the effect of anti-TNF on the endotoxin-induced neutrophilic response was evaluated among healthy volunteers .
METHODS	Among a population of 30 healthy subjects , an induced-sputum was collected 2 weeks before , and 24 hours after an inhalation of 20 mcg endotoxin ( E. coli 026 : B6 ) .
METHODS	Then , the subjects were randomized into 3 parallel groups treated with control , oral methylprednisolone 20 mg/day during 7 days or anti-TNF ( adalimumab , Humira , Abbott ) 40 mg s.c. .
METHODS	One week later , an induced-sputum was sampled , 24 hours after an inhalation of endotoxin .
RESULTS	After endotoxin inhalation , the number of total cells , neutrophils and macrophages was significantly increased ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Compared to the response to endotoxin among the control group , anti-TNF inhibited the endotoxin-induced neutrophil influx , both in relative ( 51.3 ( 6.4 ) % versus 26.2 ( 5.3 ) % , p < 0.002 ) and in absolute values ( 1321 ( 443-3935 ) cells/mcL versus 247 ( 68-906 ) cells/mcL , p < 0.02 ) .
RESULTS	The endotoxin-induced neutrophilic response was not significantly modified among the control group and oral corticosteroid group .
CONCLUSIONS	While oral corticosteroid had no effect , anti-TNF inhibited the neutrophil influx in sputum , induced by inhalation of endotoxin , in human subject .
CONCLUSIONS	The endotoxin model could be an early predictor of clinical efficacy of novel therapeutics .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02252809 ( EudraCT2008-005526-37 ) .

###26028346
OBJECTIVE	A previously published study demonstrated a pharmacogenetic association between the minor alleles of 2 VEGFR2 single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) and greater improvement in visual acuity ( VA ) to treatment with ranibizumab , an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) drug , in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) .
OBJECTIVE	We evaluated whether this association was replicated among patients who participated in the Comparison of AMD Treatments Trials ( CATT ) or the Alternative Treatments to Inhibit VEGF in Patients with Age-Related Choroidal Neovascularisation ( IVAN ) trial .
METHODS	Cohort studies within randomized clinical trials .
METHODS	Eight hundred thirty-five patients participating in CATT and 512 patients participating in IVAN .
METHODS	Each patient was genotyped for the SNPs rs4576072 and rs6828477 in the VEGFR2 gene .
METHODS	Mean change in VA from baseline to 1 year after initiation of treatment with ranibizumab or bevacizumab .
METHODS	Differences in VA response between the patient group homozygous for the minor allele of each SNP and the other genotype groups were evaluated with analysis of variance .
METHODS	Differences in VA response by the number of minor alleles present for either SNP or both combined were evaluated with tests of linear trend .
METHODS	Analyses were conducted separately for CATT and IVAN participants and with both the studies combined .
RESULTS	No statistically significant difference in mean change in VA was identified between genotypes of either SNP ( P 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Furthermore , a stepwise analysis failed to show a significant interaction for either SNP based on the number of minor alleles present .
RESULTS	The lack of association was similar in both the CATT and IVAN cohorts and whether the analysis combined patients treated with either ranibizumab or bevacizumab or when restricted to patients treated with ranibizumab only .
CONCLUSIONS	The CATT and IVAN data do not support a pharmacogenetic association between the 2VEGFR2 SNPs , rs4576072 and rs6828477 , and change in VA in response to anti-VEGF therapy in patients with neovascular AMD .

###24473502
OBJECTIVE	Amiodarone is used commonly for pharmacological cardioversion of atrial fibrillation ( AF ) , but it is limited by moderate efficacy and delayed action .
OBJECTIVE	Ranolazine and amiodarone are markedly synergistic in suppressing experimental AF in vitro , yet the clinical efficacy of ranolazine combined with amiodarone for AF conversion has only undergone minimal investigation .
OBJECTIVE	This prospective , single-blinded , randomized study compared the safety and efficacy of ranolazine added to amiodarone vs. amiodarone alone for conversion of recent-onset AF .
RESULTS	We enroled 121 patients ( 64 10 years , 45 % male ) with recent-onset ( < 48 h duration ) AF who were eligible for pharmacological cardioversion .
RESULTS	Patients received either 24 h amiodarone infusion ( loading dose 5 mg/kg followed by maintenance dose of 50 mg/h ; n = 60 ) , or amiodarone infusion at the same dosage plus a single oral dose of ranolazine 1500 mg ( n = 61 ) .
RESULTS	Patients in the amiodarone plus ranolazine group compared with the amiodarone-only group showed significantly higher conversion rates at 24 h ( 87 vs. 70 % , respectively ; P = 0.024 ) and at 12 h ( 52 vs. 32 % ; P = 0.021 ) , and shorter time to conversion ( 10.2 3.3 vs. 13.3 4.1 h ; P = 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Subgroup analysis identified higher 24 h conversion in patients with left atrial ( LA ) diameter > 46 mm who received the combination treatment vs. amiodarone alone ( 81 vs. 54 % ; P = 0.02 ) , whereas the efficacy of the two interventions did not differ among patients with LA diameter 46 mm ( P = 0.77 ) .
RESULTS	There was modest QT prolongation in both the groups , no serious adverse reactions , and no pro-arrhythmic events .
CONCLUSIONS	Addition of ranolazine to amiodarone was safe and well tolerated in this study , and it demonstrated efficacy superior to amiodarone alone for conversion of recent-onset AF .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings may have clinical implications by offering a simple therapeutic manoeuvre to enhance amiodarone 's effectiveness for conversion of AF .

###24321804
BACKGROUND	QVA149 is an inhaled fixed-dose combination therapy under development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) .
BACKGROUND	It combines indacaterol ( a longacting 2-agonist ) with glycopyrronium ( a longacting muscarinic antagonist ) as a dual bronchodilator .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to compare the efficacy , safety , and tolerability of QVA149 versus salmeterol-fluticasone ( SFC ) over 26 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD .
METHODS	In this multicentre double-blind , double-dummy , parallel-group study , 523 patients ( age 40 years or older , Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [ GOLD ] stages II-III , without exacerbations in the previous year ) were randomly assigned ( 1:1 ; via automated , interactive response technology and stratified for smoking status ) to once-daily QVA149 110/50 g or twice-daily SFC 50/500 g for 26 weeks .
METHODS	Efficacy was assessed in the full analysis set ( randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug ) ; safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study drug .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was to demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 compared with SFC for the standardised area under the curve from 0 to 12 h post dose for forced expiratory volume in 1 second ( FEV1 AUC0-12h ) after 26 weeks of treatment .
METHODS	This trial was registered at ClinicalTrial.gov , NCT01315249 .
RESULTS	Between March 25 , 2011 , and March 12 , 2012 , 259 patients were randomly assigned to receive QVA149 and 264 to receive SFC. At week 26 , FEV1 AUC0-12h was significantly higher with QVA149 than with SFC ( treatment difference 0138 L ; 95 % CI 0100-0176 ; p < 00001 ) .
RESULTS	Overall incidence of adverse events ( including COPD exacerbations ) was 554 % ( 143 of 258 ) for the QVA149 group and 602 % ( 159 of 264 ) for the SFC group .
RESULTS	Incidence of serious adverse events was similar between treatment groups ( QVA149 , 13 of 258 [ 50 % ] ; SFC 14 of 264 [ 53 % ] ) ; COPD worsening was the most frequent serious adverse event ( one of 13 [ 04 % ] and three of 14 [ 11 % ] , respectively ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Once-daily QVA149 provides significant , sustained , and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function versus twice-daily SFC , with significant symptomatic benefit .
CONCLUSIONS	These results indicate the potential of dual bronchodilation as a treatment option for non-exacerbating symptomatic COPD patients .
BACKGROUND	Novartis Pharma AG .

###25110991
BACKGROUND	Though current hospital paging systems are neither efficient ( callbacks disrupt workflow ) , nor secure ( pagers are not Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act [ HIPAA ] - compliant ) , they are routinely used to communicate patient information .
BACKGROUND	Smartphone-based text messaging is a potentially more convenient and efficient mobile alternative ; however , commercial cellular networks are also not secure .
OBJECTIVE	To determine if augmenting one-way pagers with Medigram , a secure , HIPAA-compliant group messaging ( HCGM ) application for smartphones , could improve hospital team communication .
METHODS	Eight-week prospective , cluster-randomized , controlled trial
METHODS	Stanford Hospital
METHODS	Three inpatient medicine teams used the HCGM application in addition to paging , while two inpatient medicine teams used paging only for intra-team communication .
METHODS	Baseline and post-study surveys were collected from 22 control and 41 HCGM team members .
RESULTS	When compared with paging , HCGM was rated significantly ( P < 0.05 ) more effective in : ( 1 ) allowing users to communicate thoughts clearly ( P = 0.010 ) and efficiently ( P = 0.009 ) and ( 2 ) integrating into workflow during rounds ( P = 0.018 ) and patient discharge ( P = 0.012 ) .
RESULTS	Overall satisfaction with HCGM was significantly higher ( P = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	85 % of HCGM team respondents said they would recommend using an HCGM system on the wards .
CONCLUSIONS	Smartphone-based , HIPAA-compliant group messaging applications improve provider perception of in-hospital communication , while providing the information security that paging and commercial cellular networks do not .

###25960303
BACKGROUND	Evidence of a beneficial effect of exercise training on mediators of vascular disease is accumulating in chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) , but its effect on vascular function in vivo still has to be established .
BACKGROUND	The present study was designed to investigate whether a formal aerobic exercise training program improves peripheral endothelial function in patients with CKD stages 3 to 4 .
METHODS	Randomized controlled trial with a parallel-group design .
METHODS	48 patients with CKD stages 3 to 4 without established cardiovascular disease were randomly assigned to either an exercise training program or usual care .
METHODS	40 patients completed the study ( exercise training , 19 ; usual care , 21 ) .
METHODS	The 3-month home-based aerobic training program consisted of 4 daily cycling sessions of 10 minutes each at a target heart rate , calculated as 90 % of the heart rate achieved at the anaerobic threshold .
METHODS	Patients in the usual-care group were given standard therapy .
RESULTS	The primary outcome was peripheral endothelial function .
RESULTS	Secondary outcomes were aerobic capacity , arterial stiffness , numbers of endothelial ( EPCs ) and osteogenic progenitor cells ( OPCs ) , migratory function of circulatory angiogenic cells , and health-related quality of life .
METHODS	Endothelial function was assessed with flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery , aerobic capacity by peak oxygen uptake ( VO ( 2peak ) ) , arterial stiffness by carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity , numbers of EPCs and OPCs by flow cytometry , circulatory angiogenic cell function by an in vitro migratory assay , and quality of life by the Kidney Disease Quality of Life-Short Form questionnaire .
RESULTS	Exercise training significantly improved VO ( 2peak ) and quality of life , but not in vivo vascular function ( flow-mediated dilation and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity ) or cellular markers for vascular function ( EPC and OPC count and circulatory angiogenic cell migratory function ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Short duration and intermittent nature of the exercise intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with CKD stages 3 to 4 without overt cardiovascular disease , 3 months of aerobic exercise training improved VO ( 2peak ) and quality of life , without altering endothelial function or arterial stiffness .

###25108586
OBJECTIVE	To determine the most efficient route and timing of oxytocin administration for active management of the third stage of labor .
METHODS	A prospective randomized study was done at one center in Ankara , Turkey , between January and October 2010 .
METHODS	Women with a singleton pregnancy ( > 37 weeks ) who had a live vaginal birth were randomly allocated to four groups : iv-A ( intravenous oxytocin after delivery of the fetus ) , iv-B ( when anterior shoulder seen ) , im-A ( intramuscular oxytocin after delivery ) , and im-B ( when anterior shoulder seen ) .
METHODS	Postpartum blood loss within the first hour , hemoglobin , hematocrit , and duration of the third stage were compared .
RESULTS	A total of 600 eligible women were recruited ; 150 were assigned to each group .
RESULTS	Postpartum blood loss , prepartum and postpartum hemoglobin and hematocrit , and need for additional uterotonics were similar among groups ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The duration of the third stage of labor and changes in hemoglobin and hematocrit were significantly reduced in group iv-B ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Among women not exposed to oxytocin before delivery , postpartum blood loss was significantly lower in group iv-B ( P = 0.019 ) .
RESULTS	Labor augmentation was related to significantly increased postpartum blood loss in all groups except iv-A .
CONCLUSIONS	Although postpartum blood loss was similar in all groups , early intravenous administration seemed to have beneficial effects .
CONCLUSIONS	ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01954186 .

###25042605
BACKGROUND	Stroke is the second-leading cause of death in low - and middle-income countries , but use of evidence-based therapies for stroke prevention in such countries , especially those in Africa , is extremely poor .
BACKGROUND	This study is designed to enhance the implementation and sustainability of secondary stroke-preventive services following hospital discharge .
OBJECTIVE	The primary study aim is to test whether a Chronic Care Model-based initiative entitled the Tailored Hospital-based Risk reduction to Impede Vascular Events after Stroke ( THRIVES ) significantly improves blood pressure control after stroke .
METHODS	This prospective triple-blind randomized controlled trial will include a cohort of 400 patients with a recent stroke discharged from four medical care facilities in Nigeria .
METHODS	The culturally sensitive , system-appropriate intervention comprises patient report cards , phone text messaging , an educational video , and coordination of posthospitalization care .
RESULTS	The primary outcome is improvement of blood pressure control .
RESULTS	Secondary endpoints include control of other stroke risk factors , medication adherence , functional status , and quality of life .
RESULTS	We will also perform a cost analysis of THRIVES from the viewpoint of government policy-makers .
CONCLUSIONS	We anticipate that a successful intervention will serve as a scalable model of effective postdischarge chronic blood pressure management for stroke in sub-Saharan Africa and possibly for other symptomatic cardiovascular disease entities in the region .

###24718270
BACKGROUND	Postoperative surgical site infections are one of the most frequent complications after open abdominal surgery , and triclosan-coated sutures were developed to reduce their occurrence .
BACKGROUND	The aim of the PROUD trial was to obtain reliable data for the effectiveness of triclosan-coated PDS Plus sutures for abdominal wall closure , compared with non-coated PDS II sutures , in the prevention of surgical site infections .
METHODS	This multicentre , randomised controlled group-sequential superiority trial was done in 24 German hospitals .
METHODS	Adult patients ( aged 18 years ) who underwent elective midline abdominal laparotomy for any reason were eligible for inclusion .
METHODS	Exclusion criteria were impaired mental state , language problems , and participation in another intervention trial that interfered with the intervention or outcome of this trial .
METHODS	A central web-based randomisation tool was used to randomly assign eligible participants by permuted block randomisation with a 1:1 allocation ratio and block size 4 before mass closure to either triclosan-coated sutures ( PDS Plus ) or uncoated sutures ( PDS II ) for abdominal fascia closure .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the occurrence of superficial or deep surgical site infection according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria within 30 days after the operation .
METHODS	Patients , surgeons , and the outcome assessors were masked to group assignment .
METHODS	Interim and final analyses were by modified intention to treat .
METHODS	This trial is registered with the German Clinical Trials Register , number DRKS00000390 .
RESULTS	Between April 7 , 2010 , and Oct 19 , 2012 , 1224 patients were randomly assigned to intervention groups ( 607 to PDS Plus , and 617 to PDS II ) , of whom 1185 ( 587 PDS Plus and 598 PDS II ) were analysed by intention to treat .
RESULTS	The study groups were well balanced in terms of patient and procedure characteristics .
RESULTS	The occurrence of surgical site infections did not differ between the PDS Plus group ( 87 [ 148 % ] of 587 ) and the PDS II group ( 96 [ 161 % ] of 598 ; OR 091 , 95 % CI 066-125 ; p = 064 ) .
RESULTS	Serious adverse events also did not differ between the groups-146 of 583 ( 250 % ) patients treated with PDS Plus had at least one serious adverse event , compared with 138 of 602 ( 229 % ) patients treated with PDS II ; p = 039 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Triclosan-coated PDS Plus did not reduce the occurrence of surgical site infection after elective midline laparotomy .
CONCLUSIONS	Innovative , multifactorial strategies need to be developed and assessed in future trials to reduce surgical site infections .
BACKGROUND	Johnson & Johnson Medical Limited .

###25569408
OBJECTIVE	Tonsillectomy is the oldest and most frequently performed surgical procedure practiced by ear , nose , and throat physicians .
OBJECTIVE	In this study , our aim was to compare the analgesic effects of peritonsillar , rectal , as well as intravenous infiltration of ketamine and intravenous tramadol hydrochloride infiltration for postoperative pain relief and sedation after tonsillectomy in children .
METHODS	This randomized controlled study evaluated the effects of peritonsillar , intravenous , and rectal infiltration of ketamine in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy .
METHODS	One hundred twenty children who were categorized under American Society of Anesthesiologists classes I to II were randomized to 4 groups of 30 members each .
METHODS	Group 1 received intravenous ( IV ) ketamine ( 0.5 mg/kg ) , group 2 received rectal ketamine ( 0.5 mg/kg ) , group 3 received local peritonsillar ketamine ( 2 mg/kg ) , and the control group received IV tramadol hydrochloride infiltration ( 2 mg/kg ) .
METHODS	Children 's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Pain Scale scores and Wilson sedation scale were recorded at minutes 1 , 15 , 30 , 60 as well as hours 2 , 12 , and 24 postoperatively .
METHODS	The patients were interviewed on the day after the surgery to assess the postoperative pain and sedation .
RESULTS	All the routes of infiltration of ketamine were as effective as those of tramadol hydrochloride ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	A statistically significant difference was observed between IV infiltrations and all groups during the assessments at hours 6 and 24 .
RESULTS	The analgesic efficacy of IV ketamine was found especially higher at hours 6 and 24 ( P ( 6 ) = 0.045 , P ( 24 ) = 0.011 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Perioperative , low-dose IV , rectal , or peritonsillar ketamine infiltration provides efficient pain relief without any adverse effects in children who would undergo adenotonsillectomy .

###25106761
OBJECTIVE	To compare the long-term clinical safety between two drug-eluting stents with different healing characteristics in the Patient Related Outcomes with Endeavour ( E-ZES ) vs. Cypher ( C-SES ) Stenting Trial ( PROTECT ) .
OBJECTIVE	At 3 years , there was no difference in the primary outcome of definite or probable stent thrombosis or in the other main secondary clinical outcomes consisting of the composite of death or myocardial infarction ( MI ) .
OBJECTIVE	Prespecified 4-year clinical follow-up was analysed .
RESULTS	Patient Related OuTcomes with Endeavour vs. Cypher Stenting Trial was a prospective , open-label randomized-controlled superiority trial powered to look at differences in long-term clinical safety , including stent thrombosis .
RESULTS	Dual antiplatelet therapy ( DAPT ) was prescribed for 3 months and up to 12 months based on current guidelines .
RESULTS	Patient Related OuTcomes with Endeavour vs. Cypher Stenting Trial enrolled 8791 patients undergoing elective or emergency PCI to E-ZES or C-SES .
RESULTS	There was no difference in DAPT usage between the two groups up to 4 years .
RESULTS	At 4-year follow-up , the primary outcome occurred in 1.6 % of E-ZES vs. 2.6 % of C-SES patients [ HR 0.63 ( 95 % CI 0.46-0 .85 ) , P = 0.003 ] .
RESULTS	The composite of all-cause death or large MI occurred in 6.7 % of E-ZES vs. 8.0 % of C-SES-treated patients [ HR 0.84 ( 95 % CI 0.71-0 .98 ) , P = 0.024 ] .
CONCLUSIONS	Drug-eluting coronary stents with different healing characteristics demonstrated different late safety profiles : after 4 years , compared with C-SES , E-ZES reduced the risk of stent thrombosis and the risk of the composite endpoints of death or MI .
CONCLUSIONS	Appropriately powered large-scale trials with long-term follow-up are critical to determine clinical safety and efficacy of permanently implanted coronary stents .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00476957 .

###25648347
OBJECTIVE	This 2-arm crossover study compared the relative bioavailability of two dovitinib ( TKI258 ) formulations [ anhydrate clinical service form ( CSF ) capsule and monohydrate final market image ( FMI ) tablet ; Arm 1 ] and determined the effect of food on dovitinib exposure ( Arm 2 ) .
METHODS	Patients with advanced solid tumors , excluding breast cancer , were enrolled in 1 of the 2 arms of the study .
METHODS	Patients in Arm 1 were randomized to a single 500-mg dose of CSF capsule or FMI tablet followed by 7 days of rest and 500 mg of the other formulation .
METHODS	Patients in Arm 2 received 300 mg of FMI tablet daily and were randomized to follow 1 of 6 meal sequences , each with 3 prandial conditions : low fat ( LF ) , high fat ( HF ) , or no meal ( NM ) .
RESULTS	In Arm 1 ( n = 21 ) , 17 patients were evaluable .
RESULTS	FMI tablet compared with CSF capsule showed only slight reductions in the adjusted geometric means for area under the plasma concentration-time curve ( AUClast ; 3 % ) and maximum plasma concentration ( C max ; 1 % ) .
RESULTS	In Arm 2 ( n = 42 ) , 19 patients were evaluable .
RESULTS	HF meal versus NM showed a 9 % decrease in the adjusted geometric mean for AUClast and an 18 % decrease for C max .
RESULTS	Comparison of LF meal versus NM showed a 1 % decrease for AUClast and a 10 % decrease for C max .
RESULTS	Common adverse events suspected to be study drug related included vomiting , diarrhea , nausea , and fatigue .
CONCLUSIONS	Dovitinib FMI tablet had similar systemic exposure to the CSF capsule and was not affected by food .

###25725503
OBJECTIVE	In a published study on cervical cancer , 5-beam IMRT was inferior to single arc VMAT .
OBJECTIVE	Here we compare 9 , 12 , and 20 beam IMRT with single and dual arc VMAT .
METHODS	For each of 10 patients , automated plan generation with the in-house Erasmus-iCycle optimizer was used to assist an expert planner in generating the five plans with the clinical TPS .
RESULTS	For each patient , all plans were clinically acceptable with a high and similar PTV coverage .
RESULTS	OAR sparing increased when going from 9 to 12 to 20 IMRT beams , and from single to dual arc VMAT .
RESULTS	For all patients , 12 and 20 beam IMRT were superior to single and dual arc VMAT , with substantial variations in gain among the study patients .
RESULTS	As expected , delivery of VMAT plans was significantly faster than delivery of IMRT plans .
CONCLUSIONS	Often reported increased plan quality for VMAT compared to IMRT has not been observed for cervical cancer .
CONCLUSIONS	Twenty and 12 beam IMRT plans had a higher quality than single and dual arc VMAT .
CONCLUSIONS	For individual patients , the optimal delivery technique depends on a complex trade-off between plan quality and treatment time that may change with introduction of faster delivery systems .

###25142121
OBJECTIVE	Depression is common in heart failure ( HF ) and associated with adverse outcomes .
OBJECTIVE	Randomized comparisons of the effectiveness of HF care strategies by patients ' mood are scarce .
OBJECTIVE	We therefore investigated in a randomized trial a structured collaborative disease management programme ( HeartNetCare-HF ; HNC ) recording mortality , morbidity , and symptoms in patients enrolled after hospitalization for decompensated systolic HF according to their responses to the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire ( PHQ-9 ) during an observation period of 180 days .
RESULTS	Subjects scoring < 12/12 were categorized as non-depressed/depressed , and those ignoring the questionnaire as PHQ-deniers .
RESULTS	Amongst 715 participants ( 6912years , 29 % female ) , 141 ( 20 % ) were depressed , 466 ( 65 % ) non-depressed , and 108 ( 15 % ) PHQ-deniers .
RESULTS	The composite endpoint of mortality and re-hospitalization was neutral overall and in all subgroups .
RESULTS	However , HNC reduced mortality risk in both depressed and non-depressed patients [ adjusted hazard ratios ( HRs ) 0.12 , 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) 0.03-0 .56 , P = 0.006 , and 0.49 , 95 % CI 0.25-0 .93 , P = 0.03 , respectively ] , but not in PHQ-deniers ( HR 1.74 , 95 % CI 0.77-3 .96 , P = 0.19 ; P = 0.006 for homogeneity of HRs ) .
RESULTS	Average frequencies of patient contacts in the HNC arm were 12.87.9 in non-depressed patients , 12.47.1 in depressed patients , and 5.57.2 in PHQ-deniers ( P < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Early after decompensation , HNC reduced mortality risk in non-depressed and even more in depressed subjects , but not in PHQ-deniers .
CONCLUSIONS	This suggests that differential acceptability and chance of success of care strategies such as HNC might be predicted by appropriate assessment of patients ' baseline characteristics including psychological disposition .
CONCLUSIONS	These post-hoc results should be reassessed by prospective evaluation of HNC in larger HF populations .

###24913343
OBJECTIVE	Generalized anxiety and panic disorders are a burden on the society because they are costly and have a significant adverse effect on quality of life .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to evaluate the cost-utility of a collaborative stepped care intervention for panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in primary care compared to care as usual from a societal perspective .
METHODS	The design of the study was a two armed cluster randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	In total 43 primary care practices in the Netherlands participated in the study .
METHODS	Eventually , 180 patients were included ( 114 collaborative stepped care , 66 care as usual ) .
METHODS	Baseline measures and follow-up measures ( 3 , 6 , 9 and 12 months ) were assessed using questionnaires .
METHODS	We applied the TiC-P , the SF-HQL and the EQ-5D respectively measuring health care utilization , production losses and health related quality of life .
RESULTS	The average annual direct medical costs in the collaborative stepped care group were 1854 Euro ( 95 % C.I. , 1726 to 1986 ) compared to 1503 ( 95 % C.I. , 1374 to 1664 ) in the care as usual group .
RESULTS	The average quality of life years ( QALYs ) gained was 0.05 higher in the collaborative stepped care group , leading to an incremental cost effectiveness ratio ( ICER ) of 6965 Euro per QALY .
RESULTS	Inclusion of the productivity costs , consequently reflecting the full societal costs , decreased the ratio even more .
CONCLUSIONS	The study showed that collaborative stepped care was a cost effective intervention for panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and was even dominant when a societal perspective was taken .
BACKGROUND	trialregister.nl , Netherlands Trial Register NTR107 .

###24291444
OBJECTIVE	Despite anecdotal reports of voice impairment in quadriplegia , the exact nature of these impairments is not well described in the literature .
OBJECTIVE	This article details objective and subjective voice assessments for people with quadriplegia at baseline and after a respiratory-targeted singing intervention .
METHODS	Randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Twenty-four participants with quadriplegia were randomly assigned to a 12-week program of either a singing intervention or active music therapy control .
METHODS	Recordings of singing and speech were made at baseline , 6 weeks , 12weeks , and 6 months postintervention .
METHODS	These deidentified recordings were used to measure sound pressure levels and assess voice quality using the Multidimensional Voice Profile and the Perceptual Voice Profile .
RESULTS	Baseline voice quality data indicated deviation from normality in the areas of breathiness , strain , and roughness .
RESULTS	A greater percentage of intervention participants moved toward more normal voice quality in terms of jitter , shimmer , and noise-to-harmonic ratio ; however , the improvements failed to achieve statistical significance .
CONCLUSIONS	Subjective and objective assessments of voice quality indicate that quadriplegia may have a detrimental effect on voice quality ; in particular , causing a perception of roughness and breathiness in the voice .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of this study suggest that singing training may have a role in ameliorating these voice impairments .

###25432143
BACKGROUND	Medications to control intraocular pressure ( IOP ) are frequently preserved using benzalkonium chloride ( BAK ) , which can negatively affect the ocular surface .
BACKGROUND	Data are needed to assess efficacy and safety of prostaglandin drugs preserved with and without BAK .
BACKGROUND	The present study compared the efficacy and safety of BAK-free travoprost 0.004 % ( TRAV ) and BAK 0.02 % - preserved bimatoprost 0.01 % ( BIM ) during late-day time points in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension .
METHODS	This was a 12-week , phase 4 , randomized , investigator-masked , crossover study .
METHODS	84 patients with IOP 24 and < 36 mmHg were randomized 1:1 to receive once-daily TRAV or BIM for 6 weeks followed by an additional 6-week crossover period .
METHODS	IOP was measured at the end of each treatment period at 4 , 6 , and 8 pm .
METHODS	TRAV was considered noninferior to BIM if the upper limit of the 95 % CI of the between-group difference in mean IOP was 1.5 mmHg .
METHODS	Adverse events were assessed throughout the study .
RESULTS	One patient discontinued due to allergic conjunctivitis , and 2 patients with missing data were excluded ; 81 patients were included in the per-protocol population ( mean SD age , 58.3 11.4 years ; TRAV/BIM , n = 41 ; BIM/TRAV , n = 40 ) .
RESULTS	After 6 weeks , mean IOP with TRAV ( 17.4 2.7 mmHg ; change from baseline , -6.0 mmHg ) was similar to BIM ( 17.2 2.6 mmHg ; change from baseline , -6.3 mmHg ) ; the between-group difference was 0.22 mmHg ( 95 % CI , -0.22 to 0.67 ) .
RESULTS	Thus , noninferiority of TRAV versus BIM was demonstrated .
RESULTS	Mean IOP at each time point and mean and percentage IOP change from baseline were not significantly different between treatments .
RESULTS	All treatment-emergent adverse events were mild to moderate .
RESULTS	The incidences of mild ocular hyperemia with TRAV and BIM were 31 % and 39 % , respectively ; moderate hyperemia was observed in 2 % of patients receiving BIM .
CONCLUSIONS	Late-day IOP-lowering efficacy of BAK-free TRAV was noninferior to that of BAK 0.02 % - preserved BIM ; both reduced baseline IOP by 25 % .
CONCLUSIONS	Both treatments were well tolerated , although a higher incidence of moderate ocular hyperemia was observed with BIM .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier , NCT01464424 ; registered November 1 , 2011 .

###24610183
OBJECTIVE	Most electronic health record ( EHR ) systems have the capability of generating a printed after-visit summary ( AVS ) , but there has been little research on optimal content .
OBJECTIVE	We conducted a qualitative study and a randomized trial to understand the effect of AVS content on patient recall and satisfaction .
METHODS	Adult primary care patients ( n = 272 ) with at least 1 chronic condition were randomly assigned to 4 AVS content conditions : minimum , intermediate , maximum , or standard AVS .
METHODS	Demographics and health literacy were measured at an index clinic visit .
METHODS	Recall and satisfaction were measured by telephone 2 days and 2 to 3 weeks after the clinic visit .
RESULTS	Average age was 52 years ; 75 % of patients were female , 61 % were Hispanic , and 21 % were African American , and 64 % had adequate health literacy .
RESULTS	Average medication recall accuracy was 53 % at 2 days and 52 % at 3 weeks , with no significant difference among groups at either time .
RESULTS	Satisfaction with AVS content was high and did not differ among groups .
RESULTS	Recall of specific content categories was low and unrelated to group assignment .
RESULTS	Health literacy was unrelated to recall and satisfaction .
CONCLUSIONS	Primary care patients like to receive an AVS , but the amount of information included does not affect content recall or satisfaction with the information .

###25070320
BACKGROUND	Adequate serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations , [ 25 ( OH ) D ] , are required for optimal bone health , and low levels are associated with chronic diseases .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated whether 41 candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in vitamin D and calcium pathway genes ( GC , DHCR7 , CYP2R1 , CYP27B1 , CYP24A1 , VDR , and CASR ) are associated with [ 25 ( OH ) D ] or modify the increase in [ 25 ( OH ) D ] from vitamin D3 supplementation .
METHODS	Baseline and year 1 [ 25 ( OH ) D ] measurements from a randomized controlled trial conducted at 11 clinical centers in the United States .
METHODS	A total of 1787 healthy non-Hispanic white participants aged 45-75 years .
METHODS	Vitamin D3 ( 1000 IU/d ) , calcium carbonate ( 1200 mg/d elemental ) , both , or placebo .
METHODS	Genotype main effects and interactions with vitamin D3 treatment estimated using multiple linear regression .
RESULTS	The baseline serum [ 25 ( OH ) D ] was 25.4 8.7 ng/mL ( mean SD ) .
RESULTS	Associations with baseline levels were discovered for SNPs in CYP24A1 ( rs2209314 , rs2762939 ) and confirmed for SNPs in GC and CYP2R1 .
RESULTS	After 1 year , [ 25 ( OH ) D ] increased on average by 6.1 8.9 ng/mL on vitamin D3 treatment and decreased by 1.1 8.4 ng/mL on placebo .
RESULTS	The increase in [ 25 ( OH ) D ] due to vitamin D3 supplementation was modified by genotypes at rs10766197 near CYP2R1 , rs6013897 near CYP24A1 , and rs7968585 near VDR .
CONCLUSIONS	The increase in [ 25 ( OH ) D ] attributable to vitamin D3 supplementation may vary according to common genetic differences in vitamin D 25-hydroxylase ( CYP2R1 ) , 24-hydroxylase ( CYP24A1 ) , and the vitamin D receptor ( VDR ) genes .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings have implications for achieving optimal vitamin D status and potentially for vitamin D-related health outcomes .

###24439245
BACKGROUND	The purpose of this study was to evaluate postoperative pain levels after arthroscopic elbow surgery under general anesthesia and to determine whether an axillary nerve block provides additional pain management benefits compared with a portal site injection of local anesthetic .
METHODS	Thirty-six patients undergoing arthroscopic elbow surgery under general anesthesia were randomized to either a study group receiving axillary nerve block ( Ax group ) or a control group receiving portal site injections of local anesthetic ( Lo group ) .
METHODS	During the first 48 hours after surgery , pain visual analog scale ( VAS ) scores ( 0-100 ) , total amount of oral analgesics required , and patient satisfaction were assessed .
RESULTS	Among all 36 patients , mean pain VAS scores at rest were 37 , 18 , and 9 for the first 12-hour period and at 24 and 48 hours after surgery , respectively .
RESULTS	The mean pain VAS scores during physiotherapy were 47 and 33 at 24 and 48 hours postoperatively , respectively .
RESULTS	No intergroup differences were observed between the Ax and Lo groups at any time point after surgery ( P value range , .41 to .87 ) .
RESULTS	The mean number of loxoprofen tablets required during the 48-hour study period was 5.1 in the Ax group and 4.5 in the Lo group ( P = .90 ) .
RESULTS	The Ax and Lo groups had mean overall patient satisfaction scores of 91 and 91 , respectively ( P = .98 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Postoperative pain levels after arthroscopic elbow surgery could be well managed with oral analgesics and local anesthetic .
CONCLUSIONS	An axillary nerve block was not found to provide any postoperative pain control benefits .

###25132778
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the benefit of aerobic exercise on colonic transit time ( CTT ) for psychiatric inpatients in a closed ward .
METHODS	Sixty consecutive adult inpatients of the Somang Hospital Psychiatry Unit ( Eumsung-gun , South Korea ) , without CTT-related diseases or drug therapies , were recruited for study from March to June of 2012 .
METHODS	Upon enrollment , the patients were randomly assigned to partake in a 12-wk instructor-led group aerobic exercise program ( exercise group ; n = 30 ) or to maintain their ordinary daily activities ( control group ; n = 30 ) .
METHODS	The exercise program was structured as 10 min warm-up ( stretching ) , 40 min exercise , and 10 min cool-down ( stretching ) for three days each week .
METHODS	The exercise sessions consisted of walking only in week one and aerobics from weeks two to 12 , with increasing intensity ( 50 % heart rate reserve ( HRR ) for weeks one to four , 60 % HRR for weeks five to eight , and 70 % HRR for weeks nine to 12 ) .
METHODS	CTT was measured before ( baseline ) and after ( week 12 ) the exercise program , in duplicate ( on days four and seven ) , using abdominal radiography and the multiple radio-opaque marker technique .
METHODS	Changes in the exercising patients ' CTT and weight - , cardiovascular - and fitness-related parameters were statistically assessed .
RESULTS	The study dropout rate was 30.0 % , with 23 patients in the exercise group and 19 patients in the control group completing the study .
RESULTS	At week 12 , the exercise group showed decreases in body weight ( mean SE ) baseline : 69.4 2.8 vs study-end : 67.6 2.7 ; P < 0.635 ) and body mass index ( BMI ) ( 25.2 1.1 vs 24.9 0.8 ; P < 0.810 ) , but the extent of change was not significantly different from that experienced by the control group ( body weight : 68.8 4.0 vs 68.8 3.9 ; BMI : 24.3 1.1 vs 24.4 1.2 ) .
RESULTS	However , the exercise group showed significant improvements in leg muscle strength ( baseline : 41.7 4.3 vs study-end : 64.1 5.0 ; P < 0.001 ) , cardio-respiratory endurance ( 120.5 4.5 vs 105.4 2.8 ; P < 0.004 ) , and leg muscle elasticity and power output ( 21.5 2.6 vs 30.6 2.8 ; P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The exercise group showed an exercise-induced reduction in total CTT ( baseline : 54.2 8.0 vs 30.3 6.1 ) , which was significantly different from that experienced by the control group over the 12-wk period ( 48.6 9.3 vs 48.3 12.3 ; P = 0.027 ) ; however , the exercise-induced decreases in CTT involving the three colonic segments examined ( right , left and recto-sigmoid ) showed no significant differences from the control group .
CONCLUSIONS	A 12-wk aerobic exercise program can benefit psychiatric inpatients by increasing intestinal motility , possibly decreasing risk of metabolic - and cardiovascular-related disease .

###25765720
OBJECTIVE	Reported rates of hypoglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus are lower with glimepiride as compared to glyburide .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to determine whether physiologic differences in counterregulatory neuroendocrine and metabolic mechanisms during hypoglycemia provide a basis for the observed clinical differences between glimepiride and glyburide .
METHODS	Non-diabetic volunteers ( age 382years , BMI 261kg/m ( 2 ) ) were studied in a single-blind fashion during separate 2day randomized protocols consisting of 2h hyperinsulinemic ( 9pmol/kg/min ) euglycemic ( 4.90.1 mmol ) and hypoglycemic ( 2.90.1 mmol/L ) clamps .
METHODS	Individuals received biologically equivalent doses of glimepiride ( 4mg ) or glyburide ( 10mg ) 1h prior to each glucose clamp ( n = 11 ) as well as a control group of placebo studies .
METHODS	Glucose kinetics were calculated using D-Glucose-6-6d2 .
RESULTS	Insulin and C-peptide levels were increased ( p < 0.05 ) during euglycemia in both sulfonylurea groups as compared to placebo .
RESULTS	However , despite equivalent hypoglycemia , insulin and C-peptide levels were higher ( p < 0.05 ) only after glyburide .
RESULTS	Glucagon responses and endogenous glucose production ( EGP ) were decreased ( p < 0.05 ) during hypoglycemia following glyburide administration as compared to glimepiride .
RESULTS	Glyburide reduced ( p < 0.05 ) norepinephrine responses during euglycemic clamps .
RESULTS	In addition combined epinephrine and norepinephrine responses during hypoglycemia were reduced ( p < 0.05 ) following glyburide as compared to placebo .
RESULTS	Leptin levels fell by a greater amount ( p < 0.05 ) during hypoglycemia with both sulfonylureas as compared to placebo .
CONCLUSIONS	In summary , glimepiride and glyburide can both similarly increase insulin and C-peptide levels during hyperinsulinemic euglycemia .
CONCLUSIONS	However , during moderate hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia ( 2.9 mmol/L ) glyburide resulted in increased C-peptide and insulin , but blunted glucagon , sympathetic nervous system and EGP responses .
CONCLUSIONS	We conclude that glyburide can acutely reduce key neuroendocrine and metabolic counterregulatory defenses during hypoglycemia in healthy individuals .

###24836961
BACKGROUND	Tobramycin inhalation is an accepted treatment of chronic pseudomonal infection in cystic fibrosis ( CF ) patients .
BACKGROUND	Twice daily inhalation is efficacious , but time-consuming .
METHODS	In this randomized , open-label , multicentre , two-period , crossover study , 58 patients with CF and chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa ( PA ) infection received two tobramycin nebuliser solutions : T100/eFlow or TNS/PARI LC PLUS .
METHODS	The primary objective was to demonstrate the equivalence of both treatments with respect to pharmacokinetics ( area under the concentration-time curve and maximum concentration in plasma ) .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints were tobramycin sputum pharmacokinetics , reduction in PA colony forming units , improvement of lung function , incidence of adverse drug reactions and reduction of inhalation times .
RESULTS	Tobramycin plasma AUC and Cmax were lower after administration of T100 than after TNS .
RESULTS	The study failed to demonstrate systemic bioequivalence of the two treatments .
RESULTS	After T100 administration , tobramycin sputum AUC and Cmax achieved higher values than after TNS .
RESULTS	Changes in efficacy parameters from baseline were similar .
RESULTS	Safety profiles were not different or unexpected .
RESULTS	Inhalation time per inhalation was shorter during treatment with T100 .
CONCLUSIONS	The lower systemic drug burden and the higher local drug deposition together with a comparable efficacy/safety profile and a shorter inhalation time render T100/eFlow an attractive treatment option for CF patients .
CONCLUSIONS	( www.controlled-trials.com/ISRCTN85410458 ) .

###24597840
OBJECTIVE	Luseogliflozin is a novel sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) treatment .
OBJECTIVE	An exploratory Phase II study was conducted to assess the efficacy and safety of several doses of luseogliflozin in Japanese T2DM patients .
METHODS	Japanese T2DM patients aged 20-74 years with hemoglobin A1c ( HbA1c ) of 6.9-10 .5 % , fasting plasma glucose ( FPG ) 126mg/dL and on diet therapy were randomized in a double-blind manner to receive luseogliflozin ( 0.5 , 2.5 , or 5mg ) or placebo once daily for 12 weeks ( n = 61 , 61 , 61 , and 56 , respectively ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the change in HbA1c from baseline to end of treatment .
METHODS	Other endpoints included FPG , 2h postprandial plasma glucose ( PPG ) in a meal tolerance test ( MTT ) , and body weight .
METHODS	Drug safety was also assessed .
BACKGROUND	Japan Pharmaceutical Information Center ( identifier : JapicCTI-090908 ) .
RESULTS	Changes in HbA1c from baseline to end of treatment were -0.36 , -0.62 , and -0.75 % in the 0.5 , 2.5 , and 5mg luseogliflozin groups , respectively , versus +0.06 % in the placebo group ( all P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The reductions in FPG and 2h-PPG in the MTT were also significantly greater in the luseogliflozin groups ( all P < 0.01 ) without increases in insulin levels from baseline .
RESULTS	Luseogliflozin reduced body weight at all doses .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in the incidences of adverse events among groups .
RESULTS	Most adverse events were mild in severity .
RESULTS	There were no serious adverse events .
CONCLUSIONS	Although this was a small-scale study with a short duration , all tested doses of luseogliflozin significantly improved glycemic control , reduced body weight , and were well tolerated in Japanese T2DM patients over the 12-week treatment period .

###25908462
OBJECTIVE	Short-term blood pressure variability ( BPV ) may predict outcome in acute stroke .
OBJECTIVE	We undertook a post hoc analysis of data from 2 randomized controlled trials to determine the effect of short-term BPV on 2-week outcome .
METHODS	Controlling Hypertension and Hypotension Immediately Post Stroke ( CHHIPS ) was a trial of BP-lowering , enrolling 179 acute stroke patients ( onset < 36 hours ) .
METHODS	Continue or Stop Post-Stroke Antihypertensives Collaborative Study ( COSSACS ) compared a strategy of continuation versus temporarily stopping prestroke antihypertensive therapy in 763 acute stroke patients ( onset < 48 hours ) .
METHODS	BPV at baseline ( defined as SD , coefficient of variation , variation independent of the mean , and average real variability ) was derived from standardized casual cuff BP measures ( 6 readings < 30 minutes ) .
METHODS	Adjusted logistic regression models were used to assess the relation between BPV and death and disability ( modified Rankin scale > 3 ) at 2 weeks .
RESULTS	Seven hundred six ( 92.5 % ) and 171 ( 95.5 % ) participants were included in the analysis for the COSSACS and CHHIPS data sets , respectively .
RESULTS	Adjusted logistic regression analyses revealed no statistically significant associations between any of the included BPV parameters with 2-week death or disability in either study data set : COSSACS , odds ratio SD systolic BP 0.98 ( 0.78-1 .23 ) ; CHHIPS , odds ratio SD systolic BP 0.97 ( 0.90-1 .11 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	When derived from casual cuff BP measures , short-term BPV is not a useful predictor of early ( 2 weeks ) outcome after acute stroke .
CONCLUSIONS	Differing methodology may account for the discordance with previous studies indicating long-term ( casual BPV ) and short-term ( beat-to-beat BPV ) prognostic value .
BACKGROUND	COSSACS was registered on the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Register ; URL : http://www.isrctn.com .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : ISRCTN89712435 .
BACKGROUND	CHHIPS was registered on the National Research Register ; URL : http://public.ukcrn.org.uk .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : N0484128008 .

###25258158
BACKGROUND	Stroke is a major cause of morbidity and mortality during open-heart surgery .
BACKGROUND	Up to 60 % of intraoperative cerebral events are emboli induced .
BACKGROUND	This randomized , controlled , multicenter trial is the first human study evaluating the safety and efficacy of a novel aortic cannula producing simultaneous forward flow and backward suction for extracting solid and gaseous emboli from the ascending aorta and aortic arch upon their intraoperative release .
METHODS	Sixty-six patients ( 25 females ; 6810 years ) undergoing elective aortic valve replacement surgery , with or without coronary artery bypass graft surgery , were randomized to the use of the CardioGard ( CardioGard Medical , Or-Yehuda , Israel ) Emboli Protection cannula ( `` treatment '' ) or a standard ( `` control '' ) aortic cannula .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the volume of new brain lesions measured by diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( DW-MRI ) , performed preoperatively and postoperatively .
METHODS	Device safety was investigated by comparisons of complications rate , namely neurologic events , stroke , renal insufficiency and death .
RESULTS	Of 66 patients ( 34 in the treatment group ) , 51 completed the presurgery and postsurgery MRI ( 27 in the treatment group ) .
RESULTS	The volume of new brain lesion for the treatment group was ( meanstandard error of the mean ) 44.0064.00 versus 126.5628.74 mm3 in the control group ( p = 0.004 ) .
RESULTS	Of the treatment group , 41 % demonstrated new postoperative lesions versus 66 % in the control group ( p = 0.03 ) .
RESULTS	The complication rate was comparable in both groups .
CONCLUSIONS	The CardioGard cannula is safe and efficient in use during open-heart surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	Efficacy was demonstrated by the removal of a substantial amount of emboli , a significant reduction in the volume of new brain lesions , and the percentage of patients experiencing new brain lesions .

###25194517
BACKGROUND	The skills and knowledge that residents have to master has increased , yet the amount of hours that the residents are allowed to work has been reduced .
BACKGROUND	There is a strong need to improve training techniques to compensate for these changes .
BACKGROUND	One approach is to use simulation-training methods to shorten the learning curve for surgeons in training .
OBJECTIVE	To analyze the effect of surgical training using three-dimensional ( 3D ) simulation on the placement of lateral mass screws in the cervical spine on either cadavers or sawbones .
METHODS	A blinded randomized control study .
METHODS	Fifteen orthopedic residents , postgraduate year ( PGY ) 1 to 6 , were asked to simulate Magerl lateral mass screw trajectories from C3-C7 on cadavers using a navigated drill guide , but with no feedback as to the actual trajectory within the bone ( Baseline 1 ) .
METHODS	This was repeated to determine baseline accuracy ( Baseline 2 ) .
METHODS	They were then randomized into three groups : Group 1 , control , did not receive any training , whereas Groups 2 and 3 received 3D navigational feedback as to the intended drill trajectory on sawbones and cadavers , respectively .
METHODS	All three groups then performed final simulated drilling ( final test ) .
METHODS	All 3D images were deidentified and reviewed by a blinded single fellowship-trained orthopedic spine surgeon .
METHODS	Each image/screw was measured for the starting site , caudad/cephalad angle , and medial/lateral angle to determine trajectory accuracy .
RESULTS	The aggregate mean difference from a perfect screw was compiled for each session for each group .
RESULTS	A negative difference shows improvement , whereas a positive difference shows regression .
RESULTS	The difference between final test and Baseline 1 in the control group was 2.4 , suggesting regression .
RESULTS	In contrast , the differences for groups sawbone and cadaver were -8.2 and -7.2 , respectively , suggesting improvement .
RESULTS	When comparing the difference in aggregate sum angle for the sawbones and cadaver groups with the control group , the difference was statistically significant ( p < .0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Training with 3D navigation significantly improved the ability of orthopedic residents to properly drill simulated lateral mass screws .
CONCLUSIONS	As such , training with 3D navigation may be a useful adjunct in resident surgical education .

###24332524
OBJECTIVE	Anti-inflammatory therapeutic approaches are considered for the management of type 2 diabetes and for the prevention of its complications .
OBJECTIVE	There is limited evidence regarding the effects of prebiotics on inflammation , especially in patients with type 2 diabetes .
OBJECTIVE	This trial aims to examine the effects of oligofructose-enriched inulin on glycemic status , inflammation markers , and metabolic endotoxemia in female patients .
METHODS	Over a period of 8 wk , 52 women with body mass indices of > 25 kg/m ( 2 ) but < 35 kg/m ( 2 ) with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to either an intervention group , in which participants were given oligofructose-enriched inulin ( n = 27 , consuming 10 g/d of oligofructose-enriched inulin ) , or to a control group , in which participants were given maltodextrin ( n = 25 , consuming 10 g/d of maltodextrin ) .
METHODS	Fasting plasma glucose , glycosylated hemoglobin , high-sensitivity C-reactive protein , interleukin-6 , tumor necrosis factor - , interferon - , interleukin-10 , and plasma lipopolysaccharide were measured before and after the intervention .
METHODS	Data were analyzed with the use of SPSS software version 13 .
METHODS	Paired and unpaired Student t tests and analysis of covariance were used to compare quantitative variables .
RESULTS	Oligofructose-enriched inulin caused a significant decrease in the levels of fasting plasma glucose ( 19.2 mg/dL ; 9.50 % ) , glycosylated hemoglobin ( 1.0 % ; 8.40 % ) , interleukin-6 ( 1.3 pg/mL ; 8.15 % ) , tumor necrosis factor - ( 3.0 pg/mL ; 19.80 % ) and plasma lipopolysaccharide ( 6.0 EU/mL ; 21.95 % ) as compared with maltodextrin ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Decreases in levels of interferon - ( 0.3 pg/mL ; 16.50 % ) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein ( 3.9 ng/mL ; 31.70 % ) and an increase in the level of interleukin-10 ( 0.4 pg/mL , 11.50 % ) were not significant in the oligofructose-enriched inulin group as compared with the maltodextrin group .
CONCLUSIONS	In women with type 2 diabetes and suboptimal daily dietary fiber intake , oligofructose-enriched inulin may help to modulate some inflammatory markers .

###24373301
BACKGROUND	Interventions that make extensive use of theory tend to have larger effects on behaviour .
BACKGROUND	The Intervention Mapping ( IM ) framework incorporates theory into intervention design , implementation and evaluation , and was applied to the development of a community-based childhood obesity prevention intervention for a multi-ethnic population .
METHODS	IM was applied as follows : 1 ) Needs assessment of the community and culture ; consideration of evidence-base , policy and practice ; 2 ) Identification of desired outcomes and change objectives following identification of barriers to behaviour change mapped alongside psychological determinants ( e.g. knowledge , self-efficacy , intention ) ; 3 ) Selection of theory-based methods and practical applications to address barriers to behaviour change ( e.g. , strategies for responsive feeding ) ; 4 ) Design of the intervention by developing evidence-based interactive activities and resources ( e.g. , visual aids to show babies stomach size ) .
METHODS	The activities were integrated into an existing parenting programme ; 5 ) Adoption and implementation : parenting practitioners were trained by healthcare professionals to deliver the programme within Children Centres .
RESULTS	HAPPY ( Healthy and Active Parenting Programme for Early Years ) is aimed at overweight and obese pregnant women ( BMI > 25 ) ; consists of 12 2.5 hr .
RESULTS	sessions ( 6 ante-natal from 24weeks ; 6 postnatal up to 9months ) ; it addresses mother 's diet and physical activity , breast or bottle feeding , infant diet and parental feeding practices , and infant physical activity .
CONCLUSIONS	We have demonstrated that IM is a feasible and helpful method for providing an evidence based and theoretical structure to a complex health behaviour change intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	The next stage will be to assess the impact of the intervention on behaviour change and clinical factors associated with childhood obesity .
CONCLUSIONS	The HAPPY programme is currently being tested as part of a randomised controlled feasibility trial .

###24946965
BACKGROUND	Glycerol preserved acellular dermis ( Glyaderm ( ) ) consists of collagen and elastin fibers and is the first non-profit dermal substitute derived from glycerol-preserved , human allogeneic skin .
BACKGROUND	It is indicated for bi-layered skin reconstruction of full thickness wounds .
METHODS	A protocol for clinical application and optimal interval before autografting with split thickness skin graft ( STSG ) was developed in a pilot study .
METHODS	A phase III randomized , controlled , paired , intra-individual study compared full thickness defects engrafted with Glyaderm ( ) and STSG versus STSG alone .
METHODS	Outcome measures included percentage of Glyaderm ( ) take , STSG take , and scar quality assessment .
RESULTS	Pilot study ( 27 patients ) : Mean take rates equaled 91.55 % for Glyaderm ( ) and 96.67 % for STSG .
RESULTS	The optimal autografting interval was 6 days ( 1 day ) .
RESULTS	Randomized trial ( 28 patients ) : Mean Glyaderm ( ) take rate was 88.17 % .
RESULTS	STSG take rates were comparable for both research groups ( p = 0.588 ) .
RESULTS	One year after wound closure , Glyaderm ( ) + STSG was significantly more elastic ( p = 0.003 ) than STSG alone .
RESULTS	Blinded observers scored Glyaderm ( ) treated wounds better in terms of scar quality .
CONCLUSIONS	The efficacy of Glyaderm ( ) as a suitable dermal substitute for full thickness wounds is attested .
CONCLUSIONS	Currently a procedure for simultaneous application of Glyaderm ( ) and STSG is adopted , allowing for further widespread use of Glyaderm ( ) .

###25169040
BACKGROUND	Cardiac surgery has been shown to result in a significant decrease of the antioxidant selenium , which is associated with the development of multiorgan dysfunction and increased mortality .
BACKGROUND	Thus , a large-scale study is needed to investigate the effect of perioperative selenium supplementation on the occurrence of postoperative organ dysfunction .
METHODS	We plan a prospective , randomized double-blind , multicenter controlled trial , which will be conducted in North and South America and in Europe .
METHODS	In this trial we will include 1,400 high-risk patients , who are most likely to benefit from selenium supplementation .
METHODS	This includes patients scheduled for non-emergent combined and/or complex procedures , or with a predicted operative mortality of 5 % according to the EuroSCORE II .
METHODS	Eligible patients will be randomly assigned to either the treatment group ( bolus infusion of 2,000 g sodium selenite immediately prior to surgery , followed by an additional dosage of 2,000 g at ICU admission , and a further daily supplementation of 1,000 g up to 10 days or ICU discharge ) or to the control group ( placebo administration at the same time points ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint of this study is a composite of ` persistent organ dysfunction ' ( POD ) and/or death within 30 days from surgery ( POD + death ) .
METHODS	POD is defined as any need for life-sustaining therapies ( mechanical ventilation , vasopressor therapy , mechanical circulatory support , continuous renal replacement therapy , or new intermittent hemodialysis ) at any time within 30 days from surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	The SUSTAIN-CSX study is a multicenter trial to investigate the effect of a perioperative high dosage sodium selenite supplementation in high-risk cardiac surgical patients .
BACKGROUND	This trial was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov ( identifier : NCT02002247 ) on 28 November 2013 .

###25535596
BACKGROUND	Heart failure ( HF ) disproportionately affects Native Hawaiians and Other Pacific Islanders ( NHOPIs ) .
BACKGROUND	This study examines risk factors associated with left ventricular ejection fraction ( LVEF ) among 151 hospitalized NHOPI HF patients enrolled at a single tertiary care hospital between June 2006 and April 2010 .
METHODS	Enrollment criteria : ( 1 ) NHOPI by self-identification .
METHODS	( 2 ) Age 21 yrs .
METHODS	( 3 ) Diagnosis of HF defined : ( a ) left ventricular ejection fraction ( LVEF ) 40 % or LVEF 60 % with abnormal diastolic function and ( b ) classic HF signs/symptoms .
METHODS	LVEF was measured by echocardiography within 6 weeks of hospitalization .
METHODS	Clinical measures , medical history , and questionnaires were assessed using standardized protocols .
METHODS	Linear regression modeling was used to examine the association of significant correlates of LVEF , which were then included en bloc into the final model .
METHODS	A P-value < .05 was considered statistically significant .
RESULTS	Of 151 participants , 69 % were men , mean age 54.3 13.5 years , blood pressure 112 20/69 15 mmHg , and body mass index ( BMI ) 36.9 9 kg/m ( 2 ) .
RESULTS	Twenty-five percent of participants were smokers , 45 % used alcohol and 23 % reported a history of methamphetamine use .
RESULTS	Clinically , 72 % had hypertension , 49 % were diabetic and 37 % had a prior myocardial infarction .
RESULTS	Nearly 60 % had moderate to severe LVEF ( < 35 % ) .
RESULTS	Higher LVEF was independently associated with female sex and greater BMI ( P < .04 ) while pacemaker/defibrillator and methamphetamine use was independently associated with lower LVEF ( P < .05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Methamphetamine use and BMI may be important modifiable risk factors associated with LVEF and may be important targets for improving HF morbidity and mortality .

###24983679
OBJECTIVE	The objective of the study was to evaluate the impact of doula support on first-trimester abortion care .
METHODS	Women were randomized to receive doula support or routine care during first-trimester surgical abortion .
METHODS	We examined the effect of doula support on pain during abortion using a 100 mm visual analog scale .
METHODS	The study had the statistical power to detect a 20 % difference in mean pain scores .
METHODS	Secondary measures included satisfaction , procedure duration , and patient recommendations regarding doula support .
RESULTS	Two hundred fourteen women completed the study : 106 received doula support , and 108 received routine care .
RESULTS	The groups did not differ regarding demographics , gestational age , or medical history .
RESULTS	Pain scores in the doula and control groups did not differ at speculum insertion ( 38.6 [ 26.3 mm ] vs 43.6 mm [ 25.9 mm ] , P = .18 ) or procedure completion ( 68.2 [ 28.0 mm ] vs 70.6 mm [ 23.5 mm ] , P = .52 ) .
RESULTS	Procedure duration ( 3.39 [ 2.83 min ] vs 3.18 min [ 2.36 min ] , P = .55 ) and patient satisfaction ( 75.2 [ 28.6 mm ] vs 74.6 mm [ 27.4 mm ] , P = .89 ) did not differ between the doula and control groups .
RESULTS	Among women who received doula support , 96.2 % recommended routine doula support for abortion and 60.4 % indicated interest in training as doulas .
RESULTS	Among women who did not receive doula support , 71.6 % of women would have wanted it .
RESULTS	Additional clinical staff was needed to provide support for 2.9 % of women in the doula group and 14.7 % of controls ( P < .01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Although doula support did not have a measurable effect on pain or satisfaction , women overwhelmingly recommended it for routine care .
CONCLUSIONS	Women receiving doula support were less likely to require additional clinic support resources .
CONCLUSIONS	Doula support therefore may address patient psychosocial needs .

###25342205
OBJECTIVE	The incidence of propofol injection pain during induction of general anesthesia varies from 28 % to 90 % .
OBJECTIVE	This prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study evaluated the effect of dexmedetomidine ( DEX ) for reducing the incidence and severity of propofol injection pain .
METHODS	Patients undergoing elective surgical procedures were randomly allocated into seven groups of 30 patients each .
METHODS	Experimental treatments were intravenously administered over 10 min ( total volume 10 mL ) prior to intravenous propofol injection , as follows : group I , the control group , was given isotonic saline .
METHODS	Patients in groups II , III , and IV received DEX 0.25 g/kg , 0.5 g/kg , or 1.0 g/kg , respectively , mixed with isotonic saline immediately before propofol injection .
METHODS	Patients in groups V , VI , and VII received DEX as above , but 5 minutes before propofol injection .
METHODS	Propofol consisted of 1 % long-chain triglyceride propofol ( 2.5 mg/kg ) injected at 1 mL/s .
RESULTS	Median propofol injection pain score was 0.00 ( IQR 0.00-3 .00 ) in patients who received 1.0 g/kg DEX 5 min before the propofol injection ( group VII ) , and only 1 patient ( of 30 ) in this group received a pain score > 2 .
RESULTS	The median pain score and number of patients with pain scores > 2 in group VII were both significantly less than in the control ( group I ; p = 0.000 , both ) .
RESULTS	There were no differences in either mean arterial pressure or heart rate at any time point after DEX injection among the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Pretreatment with intravenous DEX 1 g/kg 5 min prior to injection of long-chain triglyceride propofol is effective and safe in reducing the incidence and severity of pain due to propofol injection .

###25672163
BACKGROUND	Hyperkalemia is one of the most dreadful complications of chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) .
BACKGROUND	Medical management includes use of cation exchange resins to reduce the amount of excessive potassium from the body .
BACKGROUND	Sodium polystyrene sulphonate ( SPS ) and calcium polystyrene sulphonate ( CPS ) are currently used for hyperklemia of CKD all over the world .
BACKGROUND	The objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of two different cation exchange resins ( CPS and SPS ) in patients of CKD with hyperkalemia .
METHODS	This randomized control trial was done at the Kidney Centre , Post Graduate Training Institute ( PGTi ) , Karachi , Pakistan between 15 January 2010 till 31st December 2010 to compare the efficacy and safety of , CPS and SPS in 97 CKD patients with hyperkalemia .
METHODS	The subjects were divided in two groups .
METHODS	Group-A received CPS while group-B received SPS .
METHODS	The data included symptoms , food recall , physical signs of volume overload and electrolytes .
METHODS	After receiving potassium binding resin for 3 days patients were evaluated for symptoms , weight gain , worsening of blood pressure and effect on electrolytes .
METHODS	Adverse events were recorded in an event reporting form .
RESULTS	Average potassium level pre resin was 5.8 _ 0.26 in group-A and 5.80.6 in group-B , which reduced to 4.80.5 in group-A and 4.30.53 in group-B suggesting the efficacy of both drugs for treatment of hyperkalemia in CKD patients .
RESULTS	Systolic blood pressure remains stable in both the groups while an increase in diastolic blood pressure was noticed in group-B patients ( p-value 0.004 ) .
RESULTS	No major adverse effect occurred in both the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Both CPS and SPS can be used effectively for reducing hyperkalemia of CKD .
CONCLUSIONS	CPS showed fewer side effects as compared to SPS .

###24534128
BACKGROUND	The Combined Approach to Lysis Utilizing Eptifibatide and Recombinant Tissue Plasminogen Activator ( rt-PA ) in Acute Ischemic Stroke-Enhanced Regimen ( CLEAR-ER ) trial found that intravenous rt-PA plus eptifibatide ( combination arm ) in acute ischemic stroke ( AIS ) was safe and had a direction of effect that would justify a phase III trial .
BACKGROUND	CLEAR-ER had unanticipated imbalances between treatment groups .
BACKGROUND	We compared the rates of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage ( sICH ) and good outcomes for combination therapy patients in the CLEAR-ER trial to a matched cohort of rt-PA patients from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke ( NINDS ) trial .
METHODS	CLEAR-ER was a multicenter , double-blind , randomized study ; rt-PA-eligible AIS patients were randomized to .6 mg/kg rt-PA plus eptifibatide ( 135 mcg/kg bolus and .75 mcg/kg/min two-hour infusion ) versus standard rt-PA ( .9 mg/kg ) .
METHODS	For this analysis , we matched 1:1 CLEAR-ER combination therapy patients with rt-PA arm NINDS trial patients .
METHODS	Patients were matched by age , gender , race , baseline modified Rankin Scale score , baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale ( NIHSS ) score , and stroke onset to rt-PA time .
RESULTS	Fifty-four matches were made .
RESULTS	One ( 1.8 % ) sICH occurred in each group ( odds ratio [ OR ] 1.00 , 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] .01 -78.50 ) .
RESULTS	At 90days , 51.8 % of the CLEAR-ER group had good outcomes versus 46.3 % in the NINDS rt-PA group ( OR 1.30 , 95 % CI .57 -2.96 ) .
RESULTS	For subjects with baseline NIHSS score > 12 ( CLEAR-ER median NIHSS score ) , 38.5 % of the CLEAR-ER group had good outcomes versus 23.1 % in the NINDS group ( OR 2.33 , 95 % CI .60 -9.02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The safety and direction of effect of eptifibatide plus rt-PA were confirmed .
CONCLUSIONS	A phase III trial is needed to determine the efficacy of eptifibatide plus rt-PA for improving long-term outcomes after AIS .

###24742399
OBJECTIVE	We explore gender differences in older adults ' appraisals of positive and negative aspects of their marriages , examine how these appraisals relate to global marital satisfaction , and identify distinctive marital profiles associated with global satisfaction in men and women .
METHODS	Data are from the Changing Lives of Older Couples Study ( n = 1,110 ) .
METHODS	We used a variant of principal components analysis to generate marital quality profiles , based on one 's endorsement of positive and negative marital characteristics .
METHODS	OLS regression was used to detect associations between marital profiles and global marital satisfaction .
RESULTS	Men offered more positive marital assessments than women , particularly on items reflecting positive treatment by one 's wife .
RESULTS	Three marital quality profiles emerged : Positive , Positive-Negative , and Negative .
RESULTS	Although marital satisfaction was best explained by positive appraisals in both genders , they were less important for men than for women .
RESULTS	The negative profile showed a tendency for a stronger prediction in men .
CONCLUSIONS	Prior studies show small differences in men 's and women 's global marital satisfaction .
CONCLUSIONS	Our work provides evidence that the presence and magnitude of such gender differences may vary based on the specific marital component considered .
CONCLUSIONS	We discuss ways that gender shapes marital interactions , expectations , and perceptions , and the implications of our results for the well-being of married older adults .

###24804913
BACKGROUND	Ward rounds represent an important task in clinical settings .
BACKGROUND	Despite their importance , students show substantial deficits in ward round competencies ( e.g. physical examination , drug prescription , documentation ) .
BACKGROUND	Previously reported teaching methods such as ward round training with standardized patients or educational wards , however , are time-consuming and expensive .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effects of a structured on-ward supervision program for final-year students with specially trained supervising doctors focusing on ward round competencies .
METHODS	A total of 36 medical students were randomly assigned to an intervention group ( IG ) and a control group ( CG ) .
METHODS	During an eight-week-long training course , the intervention group ( IG ; n = 18 ) received structured ward round training while the control group ( CG ; n = 18 ) received on-ward training regarding how to take patient histories and perform physical examinations .
METHODS	Ward round competencies were assessed using simulated ward round scenarios with objective checklist ratings and standardized patient ratings .
RESULTS	The IG achieved significantly more predefined learning goals compared to the CG .
RESULTS	Standardized patient ratings did not differ significantly between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	RESULTS provide evidence that the presented program is a feasible and efficient tool for teaching ward round skills at the bedside .
CONCLUSIONS	Further research should focus on cost effectiveness compared to alternative models .

###24271567
BACKGROUND	Performance of transesophageal echocardiography ( TEE ) requires the psychomotor ability to obtain interpretable echocardiographic images .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of this study was to determine the effectiveness of a simulation-based curriculum in which a TEE simulator is used to teach the psychomotor skills to novice echocardiographers and to compare instructor-guided with self-directed online delivery of the curriculum .
METHODS	After institutional review board approval , subjects inexperienced in TEE completed an online review of TEE material prior to a baseline pre-test of TEE psychomotor skills using the simulator .
METHODS	Subjects were randomized to two groups .
METHODS	The first group received an instructor-guided lesson of TEE psychomotor skills with the simulator .
METHODS	The second group received a self-directed slide presentation of TEE psychomotor skills with the simulator .
METHODS	Both lessons delivered identical information .
METHODS	Following their respective training sessions , all subjects performed a post-test of their TEE psychomotor skills using the simulator .
METHODS	Two assessors rated the TEE performances using a validated scoring system for acquisition of images .
RESULTS	Pre-test TEE simulator scores were similar between the two instruction groups ( 9.0 vs 5.0 ; P = 0.28 ) .
RESULTS	The scores in both groups improved significantly following training , regardless of the method of instruction ( P < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	The improvement in scores ( post-test scores minus pre-test scores ) did not differ significantly between instruction groups ( 12.5 vs 14.5 ; P = 0.55 ) .
RESULTS	There was strong inter-rater reliability between assessors ( = 0.98 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] : 0.97 to 0.99 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	High-fidelity TEE simulators are an effective training adjunct for the acquisition of basic TEE psychomotor skills .
CONCLUSIONS	There was no difference in improvement between the different modalities of instruction .
CONCLUSIONS	Further research will examine the need for a faculty resource for a curriculum in which a simulator is used as an adjunct .

###24468006
BACKGROUND	Complications due to hemodilution ( hematocrit value less than 22 % ) after cardiopulmonary bypass inevitably resulted with significantly greater intensive care requirements , long hospital stays , more operative costs , and increased mortality rates .
BACKGROUND	We tried to identify whether crystalloid cardioplegia is the strongest predictor of intraoperative hemodilution or not .
METHODS	One hundred patients were included into this randomized prospective study .
METHODS	Patients were divided into the two groups .
METHODS	Crystalloid cardioplegia were given to the odd-numbered patients ( Group 1 , n = 50 patients ) and blood cardioplegia were given to the even-numbered patients ( Group 2 , n = 50 patients ) .
METHODS	St. Thomas-II solution was used in Group-1 and Calafiore cold blood cardioplegia was in Group-2 .
RESULTS	Average intraoperative hematocrit value was 18.4 % 2.3 in crystalloid group 24.2 % 3.4 in blood cardioplegia group ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The lowest hematocrit value was 15 % and 20 % in two groups respectively ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	In crystalloid group average intraoperative packed red blood cell ( RBC ) transfusion was 2.3 0.41 units , 0.7 0.6 units blood cardioplegia group ( p = 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Average transfused RBC was 2.7 0.8 units in crystalloid group , 0.9 0.4 units blood cardioplegia group ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Multivariate analyses confirmed age ( p = 0.005 , OR = 3.78 ) , female gender ( p = 0.003 , OR = 2.91 ) , longer cross-clamp time ( > 60 minutes ) ( p = 0.001 , OD = 0.97 ) , body surface area < 1.6 m2 ( p = 0.001 , OR = 6.01 ) and crystalloid cardioplegia ( p < 0.001 , OR = 0.19 ) as predictor of intraoperative hemodilution .
CONCLUSIONS	Crystalloid cardioplegia , compared to blood cardioplegia not only causes much more intra-operative hemodilution but also increases the blood transfusion requirement .
CONCLUSIONS	Hemodilution and increased transfusion increases the intensive care unit and hospital stay , in the early postoperative period .

###26041677
BACKGROUND	High phytate ( HP ) consumption is a concern in developing countries because of the high prevalence of iron deficiency in these countries .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated whether habitual consumption of an HP diet reduces the inhibitory effect of phytate on nonheme-iron absorption .
METHODS	Thirty-two nonanemic females , 18-35 y of age , with normal body mass index but with suboptimal iron stores ( serum ferritin , 30 g/L ) , were matched for serum ferritin concentration and randomly assigned to HP and low-phytate ( LP ) groups , in a parallel design study .
METHODS	Each subject consumed HP or LP foods with at least 2 of their daily meals for 8 wk , resulting in a change in phytate intake ( from 718 to 1190 mg/d in the HP group and 623 to 385 mg/d in the LP group ) .
METHODS	The serum iron response over 4 h after a test meal containing 350 mg of phytate was measured at baseline and postintervention .
METHODS	Ferritin , transferrin receptor , and hepcidin concentrations were measured at baseline and 8 wk .
RESULTS	Twenty-eight subjects completed the study ( n = 14 per group ) .
RESULTS	The serum iron response to the test meal increased in the HP group at postintervention , resulting in a 41 % increase in the area under the curve ( AUC ; P < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	However , no effect was observed in the LP group ( 21 % decrease in AUC ; P = 0.76 ) .
RESULTS	The postintervention serum iron response was lower ( P < 0.0001 ) in the LP group than in the HP group after controlling for the baseline serum iron response and hepcidin concentration , reflecting in a 64 % lower AUC .
CONCLUSIONS	We found that habitual consumption of an HP diet can reduce the negative effect of phytate on nonheme-iron absorption among young women with suboptimal iron stores .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies are needed to explore possible mechanisms .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02370940 .

###24485080
BACKGROUND	The realization of the prostatic biopsies is a painful act .
BACKGROUND	The objective of our work was to compare the analgesic efficiency of the injection of the lidocaine at the level of periprostatics laterals and apical areas compared with the use of gel of lidocaine intrarectal associated with the taking of oral tramadol .
METHODS	Between November 2007 and December 2009 , 60 patients admitted in the service of urology of the university hospital Mohammed VI of Marrakesh for prostatic biopsies were randomized in two groups .
METHODS	The group 1 ( 30 patients ) received two tablets from tramadol 50mg with 10 mL of gel of lidocaine 2 % intrarectal while 30 patients of the group 2 received 10 mL from lidocaine 2 % injected at the level of periprostatics laterals and apicales .
METHODS	The pain was estimated by a visual analog scale ( AVS ) at the introduction of the probe of echography ( AVS 1 ) , at the time of the biopsy ( AVS 2 ) and 20 minutes later ( AVS 3 ) .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference between both groups concerning AVS 1 means .
RESULTS	The average score of the pain was significantly lower in the group 2 for the AVS 2 and AVS 3 .
CONCLUSIONS	The periprostatics anesthesia assured a better control of the pain at the time of the prostatic biopsy and 20 minutes later , without increase of the complications .
CONCLUSIONS	We recommend it to decrease the pain and the discomfort related to this technique .

###25391168
BACKGROUND	Necrotizing enterocolitis ( NEC ) is the most serious gastrointestinal problem in very low birth weight preterm infants .
BACKGROUND	Multiple risk factors activate the inflammatory cascade leading to high expressions of pro-inflammatory mediators causing bowel injury in NEC .
BACKGROUND	The anti-inflammatory effect of probiotics is due to the inhibition and reduction of inflammatory signal in intestinal epithelium .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy of probiotics supplementation in the prevention of NEC among very low birth weight preterm infants .
METHODS	A prospective randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	All preterm infants with gestational age less than or equal to 34 weeks and birth weight less than or equal to 1,500 grams admitted in neonatal care unit , Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health during June 1st , 2012 and January 31th , 2013 were enrolled in this study .
METHODS	They were randomized into two groups , study and control group .
METHODS	Infants in the study group were fed Infloran ( Lactobacillus acidophilus 1 x 10 ( 9 ) and Bifidobacterium bifidum 1 x 10 ( 9 ) organisms ) dose 125 mg/kg/dose twice a day with breast milk or premature formula from the start of feeding until 6 weeks or discharge .
METHODS	Infants in the control group were fed with either breast milk or premature formula alone .
METHODS	The primary outcome was NEC stage 2 .
RESULTS	Sixty infants completed the study , 31 infants in the study group and 29 infants in the control group .
RESULTS	The baseline characteristic data of infants were similar except for more males in the present study group .
RESULTS	Incidence of NEC stage 2 were similar in both the groups , 3.2 vs. 3.4 % ( p = 0.74 ) .
RESULTS	There were no deaths during the study period .
RESULTS	Days to reach full feeding , 150 ml/kg/day , were no differences between the two groups , 12.03 5.49 days vs. 13.76 8.25 days ( p = 0.31 ) .
RESULTS	No adverse effects such as sepsis , flatulence or diarrhea were noted .
CONCLUSIONS	In this study , there was no difference in incidence of NEC stage 2 between the two groups .
CONCLUSIONS	No adverse effects of probiotics supplementation were observed .

###24447649
OBJECTIVE	Rasagiline is a selective , irreversible monoamine oxidase type B inhibitor , developed for the treatment of Parkinson 's disease .
OBJECTIVE	In compliance with current regulatory requirements , rasagiline underwent a thorough QT/QTc ( TQT ) study to assess its potential to prolong cardiac repolarization .
OBJECTIVE	The primary aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of clinical ( 1 mg/day ) and supratherapeutic ( 2 mg/day and 6 mg/day ) multiple oral doses of rasagiline on the baseline - and placebo-adjusted QTc interval ( delta delta QTc ( ddQTc ) ) .
OBJECTIVE	Other electrocardiogram parameters , pharmacokinetic assessments , safety and tolerability as well as vital signs were investigated .
METHODS	This was a five-arm , randomized , double-blind , placebo - and active-controlled , and parallel study in healthy subjects .
METHODS	Moxifloxacin ( 400 mg ) positive control was included to demonstrate assay sensitivity .
RESULTS	247 of 250 randomized subjects completed the study .
RESULTS	Time-matched analysis of ddQTc yielded two-sided 90 % confidence intervals for all rasagiline doses below the 10 ms regulatory threshold , showing no effect on cardiac repolarization .
RESULTS	Concentration-effect analysis demonstrated no relationships between rasagiline ( and its metabolite 1-aminoindan ) , plasma concentrations , and ddQTc .
RESULTS	The pharmacokinetic profile of rasagiline was consistent with previous studies .
RESULTS	Adverse events were mild to moderate in intensity and were similar across all treatment groups .
RESULTS	There were no clinically significant changes in heart rate and systolic blood pressure .
CONCLUSIONS	This TQT study demonstrated a favorable cardiac safety profile of rasagiline .

###24663388
BACKGROUND	Credible measures of disease incidence , trends and mortality can be obtained through surveillance using manual chart review , but this is both time-consuming and expensive .
BACKGROUND	ICD-10 discharge diagnoses are used as surrogate markers of infection , but knowledge on the validity of infections in general is sparse .
BACKGROUND	The aim of the study was to determine how well ICD-10 discharge diagnoses identify patients with community-acquired infections in a medical emergency department ( ED ) , overall and related to sites of infection and patient characteristics .
METHODS	We manually reviewed 5977 patients admitted to a medical ED in a one-year period ( September 2010-August 2011 ) , to establish if they were hospitalised with community-acquired infection .
METHODS	Using the manual review as gold standard , we calculated the sensitivity , specificity , predictive values , and likelihood ratios of discharge diagnoses indicating infection .
RESULTS	Two thousand five hundred eleven patients were identified with community-acquired infection according to chart review ( 42.0 % , 95 % confidence interval [ 95 % CI ] : 40.8-43 .3 % ) compared to 2550 patients identified by ICD-10 diagnoses ( 42.8 % , 95 % CI : 41.6-44 .1 % ) .
RESULTS	Sensitivity of the ICD-10 diagnoses was 79.9 % ( 95 % CI : 78.1-81 .3 % ) , specificity 83.9 % ( 95 % CI : 82.6-85 .1 % ) , positive likelihood ratio 4.95 ( 95 % CI : 4.58-5 .36 ) and negative likelihood ratio 0.24 ( 95 % CI : 0.22-0 .26 ) .
RESULTS	The two most common sites of infection , the lower respiratory tract and urinary tract , had positive likelihood ratios of 8.3 ( 95 % CI : 7.5-9 .2 ) and 11.3 ( 95 % CI : 10.2-12 .9 ) respectively .
RESULTS	We identified significant variation in diagnostic validity related to age , comorbidity and disease severity .
CONCLUSIONS	ICD-10 discharge diagnoses identify specific sites of infection with a high degree of validity , but only a moderate degree when identifying infections in general .

###24712563
BACKGROUND	The affect of the kidneys in elimination and degradation of intact incretin hormones and their truncated metabolites is unclear .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate elimination and degradation of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ( GIP ) and glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) in patients with dialysis-dependent kidney failure .
METHODS	Twelve non-diabetic patients treated with chronic hemodialysis and 12 control subjects were examined in a double-blind , randomized , matched observational study at the Department of Nephrology , Rigshospitalet , University of Copenhagen , Denmark .
METHODS	Over 4 separate study days , synthetic human GIP or GLP-1 was infused with or without concurrent inhibition of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 using sitagliptin or placebo .
METHODS	Plasma concentrations of glucose , insulin , glucagon , and intact and total forms of GLP-1 or GIP were measured repeatedly .
METHODS	Plasma half-life ( T1/2 ) , metabolic clearance rate ( MCR ) , area under curve , and volume of distribution for intact and metabolite levels of GLP-1 and GIP were calculated .
RESULTS	Fasting concentrations of intact GLP-1 and GIP were increased in dialysis patients ( P < .001 ) whereas fasting levels of GLP-1 and GIP metabolites did not differ between groups ( P > .738 ) .
RESULTS	MCRs of intact GLP-1 and GIP , and the GLP-1 metabolite were reduced in dialysis patients on the placebo day ( P < .009 ) , and T1/2 of intact and metabolite forms of GLP-1 and GIP were comparable between groups ( P > .121 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Unexpectedly , degradation and elimination of the intact and metabolite forms of GLP-1 and GIP seemed preserved , although reduced , in patients with dialysis-dependent kidney failure .

###25671655
OBJECTIVE	To explore the effects of combined intervention with education and progressive muscle relaxation ( PMR ) on quality of life ( QoL ) , functional disability , and positive symptoms of patients with acute schizophrenia .
METHODS	This randomized controlled study took place in an acute schizophrenia ward in Changsha , China .
METHODS	Sixty-four patients with acute schizophrenia were randomly assigned to four groups : control , education , PMR , and education plus PMR .
METHODS	QoL was assessed with the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire Short Form .
METHODS	Functional disability was assessed with the Sheehan Disability Scale .
METHODS	Severity of positive schizophrenia symptoms was assessed with the Scale for the Assessment of Positive Symptoms .
METHODS	All patients were evaluated at baseline ( within 72 hours before the interventions ) and at the end of weeks 5 ( when the interventions ended ) and week 15 ( a 10-week follow-up after the interventions ) .
RESULTS	The sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of all four study groups were similar at baseline .
RESULTS	Repeated-measures analysis of variance showed significant differences among the interventions in improving QoL , functional disability , and positive symptoms over time in the patients .
RESULTS	Education and PMR alone resulted in sustained improvement of QoL during the intervention period and a 10-week follow-up but had no significant effects on functional disability or positive schizophrenia symptoms .
RESULTS	In contrast , combined intervention with education and PMR showed better effects on improving QoL than did education or PMR alone throughout the 15-week study .
RESULTS	It also statistically significantly improved functional disability and positive schizophrenia symptoms during the intervention period and led to sustained improvement of functional disability during the 10-week follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	A combined intervention with education and PMR is effective in improving QoL , functional disability , and positive symptoms in patients with acute schizophrenia .
CONCLUSIONS	The combined intervention model could be a new paradigm of adjunctive treatment for acute schizophrenia .

###25366707
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the impact of radiological expertise on screen result decisions in a CT lung cancer screening trial .
METHODS	In the NELSON lung cancer screening trial , the baseline CT result was based on the largest lung nodule 's volume .
METHODS	The protocol allowed radiologists to manually adjust screen results in cases of high suspicion of benign or malignant nodule nature .
METHODS	Participants whose baseline CT result was based on a solid or part-solid nodule were included in this study .
METHODS	Adjustments by radiologists at baseline were evaluated .
METHODS	Histology was the reference for diagnosis or to confirm benignity and stability on subsequent CT examinations .
RESULTS	A total of 3,318 participants ( 2,796 male , median age 58.0 years ) were included .
RESULTS	In 195 participants ( 5.9 % ) the initial baseline screen result was adjusted by the radiologist .
RESULTS	Adjustment was downwards from positive or indeterminate to negative in two and 119 participants , respectively , and from positive to indeterminate in 65 participants .
RESULTS	None of these nodules turned out to be malignant .
RESULTS	In 9/195 participants ( 4.6 % ) the screen result was adjusted upwards from negative to indeterminate or indeterminate to positive ; two nodules were malignant .
CONCLUSIONS	In one in 20 cases of baseline lung cancer screening , nodules were reclassified by the radiologist , leading to a reduction of false-positive screen results .

###24622414
BACKGROUND	Type 1 diabetes results from autoimmune targeting of the pancreatic cells , likely mediated by effector memory T ( Tem ) cells .
BACKGROUND	CD2 , a T cell surface protein highly expressed on Tem cells , is targeted by the fusion protein alefacept , depleting Tem cells and central memory T ( Tcm ) cells .
BACKGROUND	We postulated that alefacept would arrest autoimmunity and preserve residual cells in patients newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .
METHODS	The T1DAL study is a phase 2 , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial in patients with type 1 diabetes , aged 12-35 years who , within 100 days of diagnosis , were enrolled at 14 US sites .
METHODS	Patients were randomly assigned ( 2:1 ) to receive alefacept ( two 12-week courses of 15 mg intramuscularly per week , separated by a 12-week pause ) or a placebo .
METHODS	Randomisation was stratified by site , and was computer-generated with permuted blocks of three patients per block .
METHODS	All participants and site personnel were masked to treatment assignment .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in mean 2 h C-peptide area under the curve ( AUC ) at 12 months .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints at 12 months were the change from baseline in the 4 h C-peptide AUC , insulin use , major hypoglycaemic events , and HbA1c concentrations .
METHODS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00965458 .
RESULTS	Of 73 patients assessed for eligibility , 33 were randomly assigned to receive alefacept and 16 to receive placebo .
RESULTS	The mean 2 h C-peptide AUC at 12 months increased by 0.015 nmol/L ( 95 % CI -0.080 to 0.110 ) in the alefacept group and decreased by 0.115 nmol/L ( -0.278 to 0.047 ) in the placebo group , and the difference between groups was not significant ( p = 0.065 ) .
RESULTS	However , key secondary endpoints were met : the mean 4 h C-peptide AUC was significantly higher ( mean increase of 0.015 nmol/L [ 95 % CI -0.076 to 0.106 ] vs decrease of -0.156 nmol/L [ -0.305 to -0.006 ] ; p = 0.019 ) , and daily insulin use ( 0.48 units per kg per day for placebo vs 0.36 units per kg per day for alefacept ; p = 0.02 ) and the rate of hypoglycaemic events ( mean of 10.9 events per person per year for alefacept vs 17.3 events for placebo ; p < 0.0001 ) was significantly lower at 12 months in the alefacept group than in the placebo group .
RESULTS	Mean HbA1c concentrations at week 52 were not different between treatment groups ( p = 0.75 ) .
RESULTS	So far , no serious adverse events were reported and all patients had at least one adverse event .
RESULTS	In the alefacept group , 29 ( 88 % ) participants had an adverse event related to study drug versus 15 ( 94 % ) participants in the placebo group .
RESULTS	In the alefacept group , 14 ( 42 % ) participants had grade 3 or 4 adverse events compared with nine ( 56 % ) participants in the placebo group ; no deaths occurred .
CONCLUSIONS	Although the primary outcome was not met , at 12 months , alefacept preserved the 4 h C-peptide AUC , lowered insulin use , and reduced hypoglycaemic events , suggesting efficacy .
CONCLUSIONS	Safety and tolerability were similar in the alefacept and placebo groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Alefacept could be useful to preserve - cell function in patients with new-onset type 1 diabetes .

###26372583
OBJECTIVE	Myopia has reached epidemic levels in parts of East and Southeast Asia .
OBJECTIVE	However , there is no effective intervention to prevent the development of myopia .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the efficacy of increasing time spent outdoors at school in preventing incident myopia .
METHODS	Cluster randomized trial of children in grade 1 from 12 primary schools in Guangzhou , China , conducted between October 2010 and October 2013 .
METHODS	For 6 intervention schools ( n = 952 students ) , 1 additional 40-minute class of outdoor activities was added to each school day , and parents were encouraged to engage their children in outdoor activities after school hours , especially during weekends and holidays .
METHODS	Children and parents in the 6 control schools ( n = 951 students ) continued their usual pattern of activity .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure was the 3-year cumulative incidence rate of myopia ( defined using the Refractive Error Study in Children spherical equivalent refractive error standard of -0.5 diopters [ D ] ) among the students without established myopia at baseline .
METHODS	Secondary outcome measures were changes in spherical equivalent refraction and axial length among all students , analyzed using mixed linear models and intention-to-treat principles .
METHODS	Data from the right eyes were used for the analysis .
RESULTS	There were 952 children in the intervention group and 951 in the control group with a mean ( SD ) age of 6.6 ( 0.34 ) years .
RESULTS	The cumulative incidence rate of myopia was 30.4 % in the intervention group ( 259 incident cases among 853 eligible participants ) and 39.5 % ( 287 incident cases among 726 eligible participants ) in the control group ( difference of -9.1 % [ 95 % CI , -14.1 % to -4.1 % ] ; P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	There was also a significant difference in the 3-year change in spherical equivalent refraction for the intervention group ( -1.42 D ) compared with the control group ( -1.59 D ) ( difference of 0.17 D [ 95 % CI , 0.01 to 0.33 D ] ; P = .04 ) .
RESULTS	Elongation of axial length was not significantly different between the intervention group ( 0.95 mm ) and the control group ( 0.98 mm ) ( difference of -0.03 mm [ 95 % CI , -0.07 to 0.003 mm ] ; P = .07 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Among 6-year-old children in Guangzhou , China , the addition of 40 minutes of outdoor activity at school compared with usual activity resulted in a reduced incidence rate of myopia over the next 3 years .
CONCLUSIONS	Further studies are needed to assess long-term follow-up of these children and the generalizability of these findings .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00848900 .

###24884888
BACKGROUND	Suicide-related behaviour among young people is of significant concern , yet little is known regarding the effectiveness of interventions designed to reduce risk among this population .
BACKGROUND	Of those interventions that have been tested , cognitive-behavioural therapy appears to show some promise among young people with suicidal ideation .
BACKGROUND	Internet-based interventions are becoming increasingly popular and have shown some effect in preventing and treating depression and anxiety in young people .
BACKGROUND	However , to date there are no randomised controlled trials examining the impact of Internet-based Cognitive Behavioural Therapy among suicidal youth .
METHODS	This is a randomised controlled trial testing the effects of Internet-based cognitive-behavioural therapy among suicidal high school students who have sought help from the school wellbeing team .
METHODS	The intervention comprises 8 modules of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy delivered online .
METHODS	The study has a staggered , two-year recruitment phase and participants are assessed at baseline , post intervention and 12weeks later .
CONCLUSIONS	If effective the program has the ability to be readily adapted and delivered to a range of populations in a range of settings , at relatively little cost .
CONCLUSIONS	It can also be adapted for mobile applications .
BACKGROUND	ACTRN12613000864729 .
BACKGROUND	Date registered : 05/08/2013 .

###24400883
BACKGROUND	Online formative assessment continues to be an important area of research and methods which actively engage the learner and provide useful learning outcomes are of particular interest .
BACKGROUND	This study reports on the outcomes of a two year study of medical students using formative assessment tools .
METHODS	The study was conducted over two consecutive years using two different strategies for engaging students .
METHODS	The Year 1 strategy involved voluntary use of the formative assessment tool by 129 students .
METHODS	In Year 2 , a second cohort of 130 students was encouraged to complete the formative assessment by incorporating summative assessment elements into it .
METHODS	Outcomes from pre and post testing students around the formative assessment intervention were used as measures of learning .
METHODS	To compare improvement scores between the two years a two-way Analysis of Variance ( ANOVA ) model was fitted to the data .
RESULTS	The ANOVA model showed that there was a significant difference in improvement scores between students in the two years ( mean improvement percentage 19 % vs. 38.5 % , p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	Students were more likely to complete formative assessment items if they had a summative component .
RESULTS	In Year 2 , the time spent using the formative assessment tool had no impact on student improvement , nor did the number of assessment items completed .
CONCLUSIONS	The online medium is a valuable learning resource , capable of providing timely formative feedback and stimulating student-centered learning .
CONCLUSIONS	However the production of quality content is a time-consuming task and careful consideration must be given to the strategies employed to ensure its efficacy .
CONCLUSIONS	Course designers should consider the potential positive impact summative components to formative assessment may have on student engagement and outcomes .

###25493600
OBJECTIVE	Estimate association between postpartum antiretroviral adherence and breast milk HIV-1 transmission .
METHODS	Prospective cohort study .
METHODS	Mother-infant pairs were randomized after delivery to immediately begin receiving 28 weeks of either triple maternal antiretrovirals ( zidovudine , lamivudine , and either nevirapine , nelfinavir , or lopinavir-ritonavir ) or daily infant nevirapine as part of the Breastfeeding , Antiretrovirals , and Nutrition ( BAN ) study .
METHODS	Associations between postpartum antiretroviral adherence and rate of breast milk HIV-1 transmission were estimated using Cox models .
METHODS	We measured adherence over four postpartum time intervals using pill count , suspension bottle weight , and maternal self-report .
METHODS	Adherence was categorized and lagged by one interval .
METHODS	Missing adherence measures were multiply imputed .
METHODS	Infant HIV-1 infection was determined by DNA PCR every 2-6 weeks .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was infant HIV-1 infection by 38 weeks of age among infants alive and uninfected at 5 weeks .
RESULTS	Analyses included 1479 mother-infant pairs and 45 transmission events .
RESULTS	Using pill count and bottle weight information , 22-40 % of mother-infant pairs at any given interval were less than 90 % adherent .
RESULTS	Having at least 90 % adherence was associated with a 52 % [ 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) 3-76 ] relative reduction in the rate of breast milk HIV-1 transmission , compared with having less than 90 % adherence when controlling for study arm , breastfeeding status , and maternal characteristics .
RESULTS	Complete case analysis rendered similar results ( n = 501 ; relative reduction 59 % , 95 % CI 6-82 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Nonadherence to extended postpartum antiretroviral regimens in ` real world ' settings is likely to be higher than that seen in BAN .
CONCLUSIONS	Identifying mothers with difficulty adhering to antiretrovirals , and developing effective adherence interventions , will help maximize benefits of antiretroviral provision throughout breastfeeding .

###25446057
BACKGROUND	The Fontan procedure has improved survival in children with functionally univentricular hearts .
BACKGROUND	With time , however , complications such as reduced exercise capacity are seen more frequently .
BACKGROUND	Exercise intolerance is multifactorial , but pulmonary vascular resistance probably plays a crucial role .
BACKGROUND	Elevated pulmonary vascular resistance has been associated with raised levels of endothelin-1 , which are common both before and after Fontan operations .
BACKGROUND	Treatment with endothelin-1 receptor antagonists could theoretically improve cardiopulmonary hemodynamics and exercise capacity .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was therefore to examine the efficacy and safety of bosentan in Fontan patients .
RESULTS	Seventy-five adolescents and adults were randomized 1:1 to 14 weeks of treatment with bosentan or placebo .
RESULTS	Cardiopulmonary exercise test , functional class , blood samples , and quality-of-life questionnaires were evaluated at baseline and at the end of treatment .
RESULTS	Sixty-nine patients ( 92 % ) completed the study .
RESULTS	Peak oxygen consumption increased 2.0 mLkg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ( from 28.7 to 30.7 mLkg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ) in the bosentan group compared with 0.6 mLkg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ( from 28.4 to 29.0 mLkg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ) in the placebo group ( P = 0.02 ) .
RESULTS	Cardiopulmonary exercise test time increased by 0.48 minute ( from 6.79 to 7.27 minutes ) versus 0.08 minute ( from 6.94 to 7.02 minutes ; P = 0.04 ) .
RESULTS	Nine bosentan-treated patients improved 1 functional class , whereas none improved in the placebo group ( P = 0.0085 ) .
RESULTS	Side effects were mild and occurred equally in both groups .
RESULTS	No serious adverse effects were seen , and no patients had liver enzyme levels above the 3-fold upper limit .
CONCLUSIONS	Bosentan improves exercise capacity , exercise time , and functional class in Fontan patients without serious adverse events or hepatotoxicity .
BACKGROUND	http://www.clinicaltrials.gov .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : NCT01292551 .

###24605717
OBJECTIVE	To compare the glycaemic effect of 75 gram and 30 gram of natural honey in a honey tolerance test with that of 75 gram glucose in type 2 diabetics .
METHODS	The experimental study was conducted at the Jinnah Medical College Hospital , Karachi , and comprised 97 type 2 diabetic patients who came to the out-patient department between March and August 2011 .
METHODS	The patients were randomly divided into 75 gram honey group ( group 1 ) , 30 gram honey group ( group 2 ) , and 75 gram glucose group ( group 3 ) .
METHODS	Fasting blood samples were obtained as well as after 1 and 2 hour .
METHODS	SPSS 11 was used for statistical analysis .
RESULTS	Of the 97 participants , 62 ( 64 % ) were females and 35 ( 36 % ) males.Their ages ranged from 25-68 years .
RESULTS	Mean rise in blood glucose after two hours in group 2 was 30 mg/dl ; group 1 , 85mg/dl , and group 3 , 170 mg/dl .
RESULTS	The difference was statistically significant ( p < 0.005 ) .
RESULTS	The glucose response was significantly lower at 2 hours in group 2 ( p < 0.001 ) compared to group 1 or group 2 .
RESULTS	A significant difference was also seen in group 1 and 3 ( p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	The plasma glucose level in response to honey peaked at 60 min and showed a rapid decline compared to that of glucose , indicating a lower glycaemic response of honey .
RESULTS	A small proportion of patients 3 ( 10.7 % ) even showed a glucose lowering effect after low dose of honey .
CONCLUSIONS	Low dose of honey can be a valuable sugar substitute for patients with diabetes .

###24636143
OBJECTIVE	Little is known about learning/adherence after different baby massage teaching strategies .
OBJECTIVE	We compared the learning/adherence after two strategies .
METHODS	Twenty mothers from the group manual-course ( GMC ) and 20 from the group manual-orientations ( GMO ) received a booklet .
METHODS	GMC participated in a course during the third trimester .
METHODS	GMO received verbal instructions during the postpartum hospital stay .
METHODS	Multiple-choice and practical tests assessed learning ( GMC : performing strokes on a doll ; GMO : on the baby ) .
METHODS	Adherence was measured 3 months after childbirth .
RESULTS	No differences were found between the groups in learning/adherence .
CONCLUSIONS	Both teaching strategies showed similar and positive results .

###24345073
BACKGROUND	Older adults can benefit from physical activity in numerous ways .
BACKGROUND	Physical activity is considered to be one of the few ways to influence the level of frailty .
BACKGROUND	Standardized exercise programs do not necessarily lead to more physical activity in daily life , however , and a more personalized approach seems appropriate .
BACKGROUND	The main objective of this study is to investigate whether a focused , problem-oriented coaching intervention ( ` Coach2Move ' ) delivered by a physiotherapist specializing in geriatrics is more effective for improving physical activity , mobility and health status in community-dwelling older adults than usual physiotherapy care .
BACKGROUND	In addition , cost-effectiveness will be determined .
METHODS	The design of this study is a single-blind randomized controlled trial in thirteen physiotherapy practices .
METHODS	Randomization will take place at the individual patient level .
METHODS	The study population consists of older adults , 70 years of age , with decreased physical functioning and mobility and/or a physically inactive lifestyle .
METHODS	The intervention group will receive geriatric physiotherapy according to the Coach2Move strategy .
METHODS	The control group will receive the usual physiotherapy care .
METHODS	Measurements will be performed by research assistants not aware of group assignment .
METHODS	The results will be evaluated on the amount of physical activity ( LASA Physical Activity Questionnaire ) , mobility ( modified ` get up and go ' test , walking speed and six-minute walking test ) , quality of life ( SF-36 ) , degree of frailty ( Evaluative Frailty Index for Physical Activity ) , fatigue ( NRS-fatigue ) , perceived effect ( Global Perceived Effect and Patient Specific Complaints questionnaire ) and health care costs .
CONCLUSIONS	Most studies on the effect of exercise or physical activity consist of standardized programs .
CONCLUSIONS	In this study , a personalized approach is evaluated within a group of frail older adults , many of whom suffer from multiple and complex diseases and problems .
CONCLUSIONS	A complicating factor in evaluating a new approach is that it may not be automatically adopted by clinicians .
CONCLUSIONS	Specific actions are undertaken to optimize implementation of the Coach2Move strategy during the trial .
CONCLUSIONS	Whether or not these will be sufficient is a matter we will consider subsequently , using quality indicators and process analysis .
BACKGROUND	The Netherlands National Trial Register : NTR3527 .

###25628196
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate and compare the effects of two chest physiotherapy interventions in patients hospitalized due to acute bronchiolitis .
METHODS	Prospective randomized study with a sample of 83 calls for 29 patients aged between 3 months and 1 year hospitalized for acute bronchiolitis .
METHODS	Patients were distributed randomly into two groups : Group 1 , submitted to postural drainage , tapping and tracheal aspiration ; and Group 2 , submitted to postural drainage , expiratory acceleration flow and tracheal aspiration .
METHODS	Assessments were made before and 10 and 60 minutes after the end of therapy .
METHODS	Patients also underwent drug treatment .
METHODS	The endpoint was to compare two physical therapy interventions as to clinical improvement in infants with acute bronchiolitis by means of oxygen saturation and the Respiratory Distress Assessment Instrument score .
METHODS	The parents/guardians was requested to answer a questionnaire about the treatment applied before the last evaluation in order to measure their satisfaction related to the interventions made .
RESULTS	The groups were similar regarding the use of antibiotics and bronchodilators .
RESULTS	A greater number of patients used corticosteroids in Group 2 .
RESULTS	A relevant improvement was observed on Respiratory Distress Assessment Instrument score with physical therapy , with reduction of the score 10 minutes after interventions , and the same score 60 minutes later , with no differences between techniques applied .
RESULTS	There was no significant variation of pulse oximetry after chest physiotherapy .
RESULTS	Most items assessed by the questionnaire had satisfactory answers .
CONCLUSIONS	No differences were observed between groups regarding the items assessed ( time required to discharge from study , pulse oximetry in room air and disease severity according to the Respiratory Distress Assessment Instrument score ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Parents answered positively about the effects of therapy in the majority of items in the questionnaire , both for the expiratory acceleration flow technique and for tapping .

###25095314
OBJECTIVE	The present study was conducted to compare and evaluate the relative efficacy of enamel microabrasion ( using 18 % HCl ) and bleaching with McInnes solution in the esthetic improvement of fluorosed teeth and to check postoperative sensitivity .
METHODS	30 children aged between 9-14yrs with a mild or moderate grade of fluorosis as classified according to Dean 's fluorosis index and who complained of objectionable esthetics were selected .
METHODS	Split mouth study design was selected in our study .
METHODS	Each subject had one of their maxillary central incisor randomly selected for Enamel microabrasion and the contra lateral maxillary central incisor for McInnes bleaching .
METHODS	Esthetic improvement was assessed by comparing the pre and postoperative digital photographs .
METHODS	During the evaluation session , the pre and postoperative photographs of 30 subjects were incorporated into a power point presentation and were projected side by side in a darkened room .
METHODS	Four calibrated and blinded examiners , including a layman rated the photographs under standardized viewing conditions .
METHODS	Esthetic improvement was assessed for both short and long term improvement .
METHODS	The postoperative sensitivity was recorded for both the procedures immediately after treatment and at one , three and six months interval .
RESULTS	The results proved that both immediate and long term ( 6 month ) esthetic improvement achieved by McInnes bleaching were superior to enamel microabrasion .
RESULTS	There is a reduction in aesthetics of teeth in both the procedures after six months , which was very minimal in McInnes procedure and significant in enamel micro abrasion .
RESULTS	Postoperative sensitivity in both techniques were negligible .
RESULTS	The sensitivity observed were transient and subsided within an one-month post operatively .
RESULTS	None of the subjects reported sensitivity at one , three and six months intervals .
CONCLUSIONS	McInnes bleaching is a better procedure compared to enamel microabrasion in improving the appearance of fluorosed teeth .
CONCLUSIONS	Both techniques are conservative and safe .

###25212745
BACKGROUND	The effectiveness of intermittent montelukast for wheeze in young children is unclear .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to assess whether intermittent montelukast is better than placebo for treatment of wheeze in this age group .
BACKGROUND	Because copy numbers of the Sp1-binding motif in the arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase ( ALOX5 ) gene promoter ( either 5/5 , 5/x , or x/x , where x does not equal 5 ) modifies response to montelukast in adults , we stratified by this genotype .
METHODS	We did this multicentre , parallel-group , randomised , placebo-controlled trial between Oct 1 , 2010 , and Dec 20 , 2013 , at 21 primary care sites and 41 secondary care sites in England and Scotland .
METHODS	Children aged 10 months to 5 years with two or more wheeze episodes were allocated to either a 5/5 or 5/x + x/x ALOX5 promoter genotype stratum , then randomly assigned ( 1:1 ) via a permuted block schedule ( size ten ) , to receive intermittent montelukast or placebo given by parents at each wheeze episode over a 12 month period .
METHODS	Clinical investigators and parents were masked to treatment group and genotype strata .
METHODS	The primary outcome was number of unscheduled medical attendances for wheezing episodes .
METHODS	Analysis was by intention to treat .
METHODS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01142505 .
RESULTS	We randomly assigned 1358 children to receive montelukast ( n = 669 ) or placebo ( n = 677 ) .
RESULTS	Consent was withdrawn for 12 ( 1 % ) children .
RESULTS	Primary outcome data were available for 1308 ( 96 % ) children .
RESULTS	There was no difference in unscheduled medical attendances for wheezing episodes between children in the montelukast and placebo groups ( mean 20 [ SD 26 ] vs 23 [ 27 ] ; incidence rate ratio [ IRR ] 088 , 95 % CI : 077-101 ; p = 006 ) .
RESULTS	Compared with placebo , unscheduled medical attendances for wheezing episodes were reduced in children given montelukast in the 5/5 stratum ( 20 [ 27 ] vs 24 [ 30 ] ; IRR 080 , 95 % CI 068-095 ; p = 001 ) , but not in those in the 5/x + x/x stratum ( 20 [ 25 ] vs 20 [ 23 ] ; 103 , 083-129 ; p = 079 , pinteraction = 008 ) .
RESULTS	We recorded one serious adverse event , which was a skin reaction in a child allocated to placebo .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings show no clear benefit of intermittent montelukast in young children with wheeze .
CONCLUSIONS	However , the 5/5 ALOX5 promoter genotype might identify a montelukast-responsive subgroup .
BACKGROUND	Medical Research Council ( UK ) and National Institute for Health Research .

###25148049
BACKGROUND	Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD ) is a progressive airway disease characterised by neutrophilic airway inflammation or bronchitis .
BACKGROUND	Neutrophilic bronchitis is associated with both bacterial colonisation and lung function decline and is common in exacerbations of COPD .
BACKGROUND	Despite current available therapies to control inflammation , neutrophilic bronchitis remains common .
BACKGROUND	This study tested the hypothesis that azithromycin treatment , as an add-on to standard medication , would significantly reduce airway neutrophil and neutrophils chemokine ( CXCL8 ) levels , as well as bacterial load .
BACKGROUND	We conducted a randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled study in COPD participants with stable neutrophilic bronchitis .
METHODS	Eligible participants ( n = 30 ) were randomised to azithromycin 250 mg daily or placebo for 12 weeks in addition to their standard respiratory medications .
METHODS	Sputum was induced at screening , randomisation and monthly for a 12 week treatment period and processed for differential cell counts , CXCL8 and neutrophil elastase assessment .
METHODS	Quantitative bacteriology was assessed in sputum samples at randomisation and the end of treatment visit .
METHODS	Severe exacerbations where symptoms increased requiring unscheduled treatment were recorded during the 12 week treatment period and for 14 weeks following treatment .
METHODS	A sub-group of participants underwent chest computed tomography scans ( n = 15 ) .
RESULTS	Nine participants with neutrophilic bronchitis had a potentially pathogenic bacteria isolated and the median total bacterial load of all participants was 5.22107 cfu/mL .
RESULTS	Azithromycin treatment resulted in a non-significant reduction in sputum neutrophil proportion , CXCL8 levels and bacterial load .
RESULTS	The mean severe exacerbation rate was 0.33 per person per 26 weeks in the azithromycin group compared to 0.93 exacerbations per person in the placebo group ( incidence rate ratio ( 95 % CI ) : 0.37 ( 0.11,1.21 ) , p = 0.062 ) .
RESULTS	For participants who underwent chest CT scans , no alterations were observed .
CONCLUSIONS	In stable COPD with neutrophilic bronchitis , add-on azithromycin therapy showed a trend to reduced severe exacerbations sputum neutrophils , CXCL8 levels and bacterial load .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies with a larger sample size are warranted .
BACKGROUND	Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12609000259246 .

###25537204
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to evaluate fixation location and oculomotor characteristics of 15 patients with Leber congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) caused by RPE65 mutations ( RPE65-LCA ) who underwent retinal gene therapy .
METHODS	Eye movements were quantified under infrared imaging of the retina while the subject fixated on a stationary target .
METHODS	In a subset of patients , letter recognition under retinal imaging was performed .
METHODS	Cortical responses to visual stimulation were measured using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) in two patients before and after therapy .
RESULTS	All patients were able to fixate on a 1 diameter visible target in the dark .
RESULTS	The preferred retinal locus of fixation was either at the anatomical fovea or at an extrafoveal locus .
RESULTS	There were a wide range of oculomotor abnormalities .
RESULTS	Natural history showed little change in oculomotor abnormalities if target illuminance was increased to maintain target visibility as the disease progressed .
RESULTS	Eleven of 15 study eyes treated with gene therapy showed no differences from baseline fixation locations or instability over an average of follow-up of 3.5 years .
RESULTS	Four of 15 eyes developed new pseudo-foveas in the treated retinal regions 9 to 12 months after therapy that persisted for up to 6 years ; patients used their pseudo-foveas for letter identification .
RESULTS	fMRI studies demonstrated that preservation of light sensitivity was restricted to the cortical projection zone of the pseudo-foveas .
CONCLUSIONS	The slow emergence of pseudo-foveas many months after the initial increases in light sensitivity points to a substantial plasticity of the adult visual system and a complex interaction between it and the progression of underlying retinal disease .
CONCLUSIONS	The visual significance of pseudo-foveas suggests careful consideration of treatment zones for future gene therapy trials .
CONCLUSIONS	( ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00481546 . )

###24429540
BACKGROUND	Data on the protein requirements of elderly adults are limited , because it is impractical to conduct repeated nitrogen balance protocols in these vulnerable humans .
OBJECTIVE	This study was designed to determine the dietary protein requirement of elderly women by using the recently developed minimally invasive indicator amino acid oxidation ( IAAO ) technique .
METHODS	Six white women aged 80-87 y [ mean SEM : 82 1 y and body mass index ( in kg/m ) 26 2 ] completed a 3-d protocol 7 times .
METHODS	Each woman consumed an adaptation diet for 2 d and on day 3 consumed a complete test diet with a crystalline amino acid mixture containing 1 of 7 protein intakes ( 0.1 , 0.3 , 0.6 , 0.9 , 1.2 , 1.5 , or 1.8 g kg d ) tested randomly .
METHODS	A group-based protein requirement was assessed by using a nonlinear mixed model of protein intake and L - [ 1-C ] phenylalanine oxidation .
METHODS	The breakpoint , at which there was no further decline in the rate of appearance of C in the breath , was used as an index of the mean protein requirement .
RESULTS	The mean protein requirement ( 95 % CI ) was 0.85 ( 0.60 , 1.09 ) g kg d.
RESULTS	This requirement is 29 % higher than the current Estimated Average Requirement ( EAR ) for adults of 0.66 g kg d based on the nitrogen balance technique , although the 95 % CI includes the current EAR .
RESULTS	The corresponding adequate protein allowance of 1.15 ( 0.77 , 1.54 ) g kg d is 44 % higher , although the 95 % CI includes the Recommended Dietary Allowance ( RDA ) of 0.80 g kg d.
CONCLUSIONS	Notwithstanding uncertainty about the validity of the use of the IAAO technique to assess protein requirements , the results of this study with octogenarian women suggest that the current EAR and RDA for elderly women may be underestimated .
CONCLUSIONS	The limitations of this short-term , noninvasive method underscore the need for new research that uses alternative experimental designs and measuring physiologic , morphologic , and health-related outcomes .

###25862516
BACKGROUND	Physician-rating websites combine public reporting with social networking and offer an attractive means by which users can provide feedback on their physician and obtain information about other patients ' satisfaction and experiences .
BACKGROUND	However , research on how users evaluate information on these portals is still scarce and only little knowledge is available about the potential influence of physician reviews on a patient 's choice .
OBJECTIVE	Starting from the perspective of prospective patients , this paper sets out to explore how certain characteristics of physician reviews affect the evaluation of the review and users ' attitudes toward the rated physician .
OBJECTIVE	We propose a model that relates review style and review number to constructs of review acceptance and check it with a Web-based experiment .
METHODS	We employed a randomized 2x2 between-subject , factorial experiment manipulating the style of a physician review ( factual vs emotional ) and the number of reviews for a certain physician ( low vs high ) to test our hypotheses .
METHODS	A total of 168 participants were presented with a Web-based questionnaire containing a short description of a dentist search scenario and the manipulated reviews for a fictitious dental physician .
METHODS	To investigate the proposed hypotheses , we carried out moderated regression analyses and a moderated mediation analysis using the PROCESS macro 2.11 for SPSS version 22 .
RESULTS	Our analyses indicated that a higher number of reviews resulted in a more positive attitude toward the rated physician .
RESULTS	The results of the regression model for attitude toward the physician suggest a positive main effect of the number of reviews ( mean [ low ] 3.73 , standard error [ SE ] 0.13 , mean [ high ] 4.15 , SE 0.13 ) .
RESULTS	We also observed an interaction effect with the style of the reviewif the physician received only a few reviews , fact-oriented reviews ( mean 4.09 , SE 0.19 ) induced a more favorable attitude toward the physician compared to emotional reviews ( mean 3.44 , SE 0.19 ) , but there was no such effect when the physician received many reviews .
RESULTS	Furthermore , we found that review style also affected the perceived expertise of the reviewer .
RESULTS	Fact-oriented reviews ( mean 3.90 , SE 0.13 ) lead to a higher perception of reviewer expertise compared to emotional reviews ( mean 3.19 , SE 0.13 ) .
RESULTS	However , this did not transfer to the attitude toward the physician .
RESULTS	A similar effect of review style and number on the perceived credibility of the review was observed .
RESULTS	While no differences between emotional and factual style were found if the physician received many reviews , a low number of reviews received lead to a significant difference in the perceived credibility , indicating that emotional reviews were rated less positively ( mean 3.52 , SE 0.18 ) compared to fact-oriented reviews ( mean 4.15 , SE 0.17 ) .
RESULTS	Our analyses also showed that perceived credibility of the review fully mediated the observed interaction effect on attitude toward the physician .
CONCLUSIONS	Physician-rating websites are an interesting new source of information about the quality of health care from the patient 's perspective .
CONCLUSIONS	This paper makes a unique contribution to an understudied area of research by providing some insights into how people evaluate online reviews of individual doctors .
CONCLUSIONS	Information attributes , such as review style and review number , have an impact on the evaluation of the review and on the patient 's attitude toward the rated doctor .
CONCLUSIONS	Further research is necessary to improve our understanding of the influence of such rating sites on the patient 's choice of a physician .

###24486335
BACKGROUND	Subcutaneous ondansetron facilitated by recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 ( rHuPH20 ) is an alternative for treating nausea/vomiting in patients who can not receive ondansetron by other routes of administration .
OBJECTIVE	Based on preclinical results in minipigs , a Phase I study was designed to assess the tolerability and pharmacokinetic properties of subcutaneous ondansetron + rHuPH20 compared with intramuscular , intravenous , or oral ondansetron monotherapy in healthy volunteers .
METHODS	In a crossover design , 3 minipigs were dosed with subcutaneous ondansetron 0.08 mg/kg + rHuPH20 , or as intramuscular or intravenous monotherapy , for the evaluation of plasma ondansetron concentrations and local tolerability .
METHODS	In a randomized , open-label , 4-way crossover study , subjects received a randomized sequence of SC ondansetron 4 mg + rHuPH20 , or ondansetron monotherapy IM ( 4 mg ) , IV ( 4 mg ) , or PO ( 8 mg ) , over 4 daily visits .
METHODS	Study participants included healthy volunteers aged 19 to 65 years with adequate venous access in both upper extremities and no history of QT-interval prolongation .
METHODS	Primary tolerability end points ( administration-site observations , systemic adverse events [ AEs ] , and subject-assessed pain ) were assessed , and pharmacokinetic parameters ( AUC , Cmax , Tmax , t ) were computed to compare relative rate and extent of systemic exposure .
METHODS	Results were described using summary statistics , and bioequivalence was determined with a linear mixed-effects model .
RESULTS	In the preclinical study , no adverse events or significant local reactions were observed .
RESULTS	The Cmax ( 45.8 ng/mL at 0.08 hour ) with subcutaneous administration + rHuPH20 was 83 % greater and was achieved 68 % faster than with intramuscular administration ( Cmax = 25 ng/mL at 0.25 hour ) .
RESULTS	In the clinical study , a total of 12 subjects ( 7 women , 5 men ; white majority ; mean age , 44.8 ) were randomized .
RESULTS	The majority of AEs were at the injection site , mild in severity , and transient .
RESULTS	After subcutaneous administration of ondansetron + rHuPH20 , geometric mean Cmax was 35 % higher than with intramuscular ondansetron , 43 % lower than with intravenous ondansetron , and 126 % higher than with oral ondansetron ( corrected for dose ) .
RESULTS	Bioequivalence tests demonstrated that systemic exposure after subcutaneous administration was similar to that after intramuscular or intravenous administration and significantly greater than that after oral administration .
CONCLUSIONS	Subcutaneous ondansetron + rHuPH20 was generally well-tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	Subcutaneous dosing resulted in an extent of systemic exposure similar to that with intramuscular or intravenous dosing and greater than that with oral administration , and may be an option for clinical administration of ondansetron .
CONCLUSIONS	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01572012 .

###25473882
OBJECTIVE	Pharmacokinetics , safety , and tolerability of GSK1265744 ( 744 ) and rilpivirine ( RPV ) ( TMC278 ) were assessed after repeat dosing of long-acting ( LA ) injectable formulations in healthy subjects .
METHODS	Subjects received a 14-day lead-in of oral 744 ( 30 mg/d ) to assess safety and tolerability before injectable administration .
METHODS	Subjects were randomized into 4 cohorts : 800 mg of 744 LA intramuscularly ( IM ) followed by 3 monthly doses of ( 1 ) 200 mg subcutaneously , ( 2 ) 200 mg IM , ( 3 ) 400 mg IM , or ( 4 ) a second injection of 800 mg IM after 12 weeks .
METHODS	Cohorts 2 and 3 also received IM doses of RPV LA at months 3 ( 1200 mg ) and 4 ( 900 or 600 mg ) .
METHODS	Pharmacokinetics and safety were assessed throughout the trial .
RESULTS	Forty-seven subjects enrolled ; 40 received 1 LA injection with 37 completing all planned injections .
RESULTS	Seven subjects discontinued 744 oral ( non-drug-related , n = 6 ; dizziness , n = 1 ) .
RESULTS	The 744 LA and RPV LA injections were generally well tolerated , with grade 1 injection site reactions most commonly reported .
RESULTS	Three subjects discontinued during injection phase ( consent withdrawn , n = 2 ; self-limited rash , n = 1 ) .
RESULTS	There were no grade 3 or 4 adverse events and no clinically significant trends in laboratory abnormalities , electrocardiograms , or vital signs .
RESULTS	All dose cohorts achieved therapeutically relevant plasma concentrations of each drug within 3 days with prolonged exposure over the dosing interval .
RESULTS	Plasma concentrations of 744 exceeded the protein-adjusted IC90 and RPV plasma concentrations and were comparable to steady-state oral RPV 25 mg/d .
CONCLUSIONS	These data support the potential application of dual-therapy 744 LA and RPV LA for treatment of HIV-1 infection .

###24583059
OBJECTIVE	Gluten ingestion leads to small intestinal mucosal injury in patients with celiac disease , necessitating strict life-long exclusion of dietary gluten .
OBJECTIVE	Despite adherence to a gluten-free diet , many patients remain symptomatic and still have small intestinal inflammation .
OBJECTIVE	In this case , nondietary therapies are needed .
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the ability of ALV003 , a mixture of 2 recombinant gluten-specific proteases given orally , to protect patients with celiac disease from gluten-induced mucosal injury in a phase 2 trial .
METHODS	We established the optimal daily dose of gluten to be used in a 6-week challenge study .
METHODS	Then , in the intervention study , adults with biopsy-proven celiac disease were randomly assigned to groups given ALV003 ( n = 20 ) or placebo ( n = 21 ) together with the daily gluten challenge .
METHODS	Duodenal biopsies were collected at baseline and after gluten challenge .
METHODS	The ratio of villus height to crypt depth and densities of intraepithelial lymphocytes were the primary end points .
RESULTS	A daily dose of 2 g gluten was selected for the intervention study .
RESULTS	Sixteen patients given ALV003 and 18 given placebo were eligible for efficacy evaluation .
RESULTS	Biopsies from subjects in the placebo group showed evidence of mucosal injury after gluten challenge ( mean villus height to crypt depth ratio changed from 2.8 before challenge to 2.0 afterward ; P = .0007 ; density of CD3 ( + ) intraepithelial lymphocytes changed from 61 to 91 cells/mm after challenge ; P = .0003 ) .
RESULTS	However , no significant mucosal deterioration was observed in biopsies from the ALV003 group .
RESULTS	Between groups , morphologic changes and CD3 ( + ) intraepithelial lymphocyte counts differed significantly from baseline to week 6 ( P = .0133 and P = .0123 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	There were no statistically significant differences in symptoms between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Based on a phase 2 trial , the glutenase ALV003 appears to attenuate gluten-induced small intestinal mucosal injury in patients with celiac disease in the context of an everyday gluten-free diet containing daily up to 2 g gluten .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinicaltrial.gov ,
METHODS	NCT00959114 and NCT01255696 .

###24731567
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study is to validate the efficacy of intensive statin therapy for patients with atherosclerotic intracranial arterial stenosis ( AICAS ) .
METHODS	In this study , we performed a single-center , randomized , single-blind , parallel-group clinical trial .
METHODS	A total of 120 Chinese patients with AICAS were enrolled and randomly divided into three groups [ low-dose atorvastatin therapy ( LAT , 10mg/day ) , standard-dose atorvastatin therapy ( SAT , 20mg/day ) , and intensive-dose atorvastatin therapy ( IAT , 40mg/day ) groups ] in a 1:1:1 ratio .
METHODS	Evaluation variables , including changes in serum lipid profiles , degree of stenosis , and perfusion-related parameters derived from computed tomography perfusion ( CTP ) imaging from baseline to weeks 26 and 52 , as well as the occurrence of cerebrovascular events during the study period , were used to compare the benefits of these three statin therapies .
RESULTS	After 52 weeks of treatment , improvement of serum lipid profiles , degree of stenosis , and perfusion-related parameters were all significantly better in the IAT group .
RESULTS	In addition , the cumulative probability of cerebrovascular events at 52 weeks was significantly lower in the IAT group than in the LAT group , although there was no statistical difference between the IAT group and the SAT group .
RESULTS	The proportion of patients experiencing any adverse event was similar among the three treatment groups .
RESULTS	Adverse events caused by IAT were generally mild ; no serious adverse events occurred throughout the entire period of study .
CONCLUSIONS	In conclusion , long-term use of IAT appears to be a safe and effective treatment at least for Chinese patients with AICAS .

###24528351
BACKGROUND	Carbohydrate counting ( CHC ) is ack - nowledged by the American Diabetes Association ( ADA ) as an important tool .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the efficacy of photographic educational materials to train adolescents with DM to perform CHC .
METHODS	76 adolescents were randomly divided into two groups of CHC orientation : by means of photographic materials ( Photo ) or by a list of foods ( List ) .
METHODS	One month afterwards , the participants were contacted via telephone to answer questions on CHC to reinforce the training ( Quiz ) .
METHODS	Two days after taking the quiz , required the participants to visit an experimental kitchen to observe food portions in natura and to respond to a questionnaire on the weights in grams or carbohydrate equivalents of these portions .
METHODS	Statistical significance was established at p < 0.05 .
RESULTS	54 adolescents completed the study ( 79.7 % female ) , with 51.8 % allocated to the Photo group and 48.1 % to the List group .
RESULTS	The mean age was 13.8 2.0 years old , and the mean body mass index ( BMI ) was 21.0 3.2 kg/m2 .
RESULTS	The participants had average of 7.9 1.5 years of schooling , while their parents had 8.0 3.8 years .
RESULTS	The knowledge of CHC was similar in both groups before the intervention .
RESULTS	After the intervention , the Photo group achieved a significantly higher hit difference on the CHC assessment test than the List group ( Photo : 2.5 vs List : 1.0 ; p = 0.03 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The photographic educational material was more effective in helping adolescents with DM understand and learn to perform carbohydrate counting .

###24559015
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the gastric emptying of an oral supplement containing carbohydrate plus whey protein drunk before sedation for gastroscopy .
METHODS	This is a randomized double-blind trial including adult patients ( ages 18-65 ) with a chief complaint of epigastric burning and who were candidates to elective gastroscopy .
METHODS	After overnight fast subjects were randomized to drink 200 mL of an oral nutritional supplement containing maltodextrine in addition to whey protein 150 to 210 min before the gastroscopy ( intervention group , n = 12 ) or to undergo the endoscopic procedure with no supplement ( control group , n = 12 ) .
METHODS	The residual gastric volume ( RGV ) suctioned and measured during the exam was the main endpoint of the study .
RESULTS	There were no complications during all exams .
RESULTS	The median ( range ) fasting time was greater ( P < 0.001 ) in control group ( 770 min , ranging from 660-917 min ) than in the study group ( 175 min ranging from 150 to 210 min ) .
RESULTS	The median ( range ) RGV was similar in between the two groups ( control group : 25 ( 10-70 ) mL versus intervention group : 10 ( 0-100 ) mL ; p = 0.32 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Gastric emptying 150-210 min after the ingestion of an oral supplement containing carbohydrate plus whey protein is similar to an overnight fasting condition .
CONCLUSIONS	Although limited by the number of cases , the sedation for endoscopic procedures is safe with this fasting protocol .

###24518533
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate effects of an exercise program on health-related quality of life ( HRQoL ) in children and adolescents with tetralogy of Fallot ( ToF ) or a Fontan circulation .
METHODS	Stratified , randomized , controlled intervention study conducted in five participating centers of pediatric cardiology in The Netherlands .
METHODS	In total , 93 patients , aged 10-25 years , with surgical repair for tetralogy of Fallot or with a Fontan circulation for single-ventricle physiology were included .
METHODS	They were randomly allocated with a ratio of 2:1 to : ( 1 ) a 12-week period with an exercise program for 3 times per week or ( 2 ) to a control group .
METHODS	Randomization was stratified by age , gender , and cardiac diagnosis .
METHODS	At baseline and follow-up after 12 weeks , all participants completed Web-based age-appropriate HRQoL questionnaires .
METHODS	Primary analyses involved change in HRQoL during follow-up .
METHODS	Secondary analyses concerned influence of cardiac diagnosis and comparison with normative data .
RESULTS	Forty-eight ( 86 % ) and 32 ( 86 % ) patients in the exercise-group and control-group respectively completed all questionnaires at baseline and follow-up .
RESULTS	Compared with the control-group , children , aged 10-15 years , in the exercise-group improved significantly on self-reported cognitive functioning , p < .05 , r = .30 , and parent-reported social functioning , p < .05 , r = .30 .
RESULTS	Youngsters aged 16-25 years did not change their HRQoL .
RESULTS	Cardiac diagnosis had no influence on pre/post changes .
RESULTS	Children and youngsters in this study reported comparable or better HRQoL than norm groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Participation in an exercise program improved HRQoL of children with ToF or a Fontan circulation , especially in those with low baseline QoL .

###24412523
OBJECTIVE	Heart failure ( HF ) is associated with changes in myocardial metabolism that lead to impairment of contractile function .
OBJECTIVE	Trimetazidine ( TMZ ) modulates cardiac energetic efficiency and improves outcomes in ischemic heart disease .
OBJECTIVE	We evaluated the effects of TMZ on left ventricular ejection fraction ( LVEF ) , cardiac metabolism , exercise capacity , O2 uptake , and quality of life in patients with nonischemic HF .
RESULTS	Sixty patients with stable nonischemic HF under optimal medical therapy were included in this randomized double-blind study .
RESULTS	Patients were randomized to TMZ ( 35 mg orally twice a day ) or placebo for 6 months .
RESULTS	LVEF , 6-minute walk test ( 6MWT ) , maximum O2 uptake in cardiopulmonary exercise test , different markers of metabolism , oxidative stress , and endothelial function , and quality of life were assessed at baseline and after TMZ treatment .
RESULTS	Left ventricular peak glucose uptake was evaluated with the use of the maximum standardized uptake value ( SUV ) by 18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography ( ( 18 ) FDG-PET ) .
RESULTS	Etiology was idiopathic in 85 % and hypertensive in 15 % .
RESULTS	Both groups were similar in age , functional class , LVEF , and levels of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide at baseline .
RESULTS	After 6 months of TMZ treatment , no changes were observed in LVEF ( 31 10 % vs 34 8 % ; P = .8 ) , 6MWT ( 443 25 m vs 506 79 m ; P = .03 ) , maximum O2 uptake ( 19.1 5.0 mL kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) vs 23.0 7.2 mL kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ; P = .11 ) , functional class ( percentages of patients in functional classes I/II/III / IV 10/3753/0 vs 7/40/50 / 3 ; P = .14 ) , or quality of life ( 32 26 points vs 24 18 points ; P = .25 ) in TMZ versus placebo , respectively .
RESULTS	In the subgroup of patients evaluated with ( 18 ) FDG-PET , no significant differences were observed in SUV between both groups ( 7.0 3.6 vs 8.2 3.4 respectively ; P = .47 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with nonischemic HF , the addition of TMZ to optimal medical treatment does not result in significant changes of LVEF , exercise capacity , O2 uptake , or quality of life .

###24393576
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of catheter ablation in the treatment of persistent atrial fibrillation ( AF ) and the predictors of arrhythmia recurrence .
METHODS	Absence of atrial tachyarrhythmia ( AT ) recurrence during a mid-term follow-up was correlated with several clinical and procedural characteristics in a population of 82 patients aged 20-70 years who had experienced at least one documented relapse of persistent AF during a single trial of antiarrhythmic drug therapy .
METHODS	Electrophysiological success of ablation was declared when all identified PVs were isolated ( confirmation of entry and exit block ) .
METHODS	Patients were followed for a maximum of 24 months after the blanking period with outpatient visits , ECG recordings , 24-hour Holter monitoring , and weekly transtelephonic monitoring for 30s .
RESULTS	Electrophysiological success was documented in 38/82 ( 46.3 % ) patients .
RESULTS	During a mean follow-up of 24.7 4.2 months , 69/82 ( 84.1 % ) patients presented at least one episode of AT after the 2 month blanking period .
RESULTS	According to univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses , only an electrophysiologically successful ablation significantly correlated with the absence of documented AT relapse ( OR 5.32 , 95 % CL 1.02-27 .72 ; p = .0472 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Mid-term outcome of a single procedure of catheter ablation without the adjunction of antiarrhythmic drug therapy is poor in patients with persistent AF .
CONCLUSIONS	Documented PV isolation is useful to increase the success rate of circumferential PV ablation even in persistent AF patients .

###25603666
BACKGROUND	Delayed primary closure in cases of acute appendicitis is debated among the surgeons as to whether it decreases the rate of wound infection in comparison to primary closure .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to find out the optimal method of wound closure in cases of perforated appendicitis .
METHODS	This randomized control trial was conducted at the surgical units of Ayub Teaching Hospital Abbottabad from May to November 2012 .
METHODS	A total of 158 patients having perforated appendicitis were included in the study .
METHODS	They were randomly divided two groups .
METHODS	The wounds were primarily closed in one group and left open with daily saline soaked dressing , to be closed on postoperative day 4 in case of the other group .
METHODS	The main outcome measure was wound infection .
METHODS	A wound was considered infected if it was discharging pus , was red and swollen on postoperative day 8th .
METHODS	The method of wound closure was considered efficacious if there was no wound infection till 8th postoperative day .
RESULTS	A total of 158 patients , 56 ( 35.4 % ) male and 102 ( 64.6 % ) female were included in the study .
RESULTS	Primary closure group had a total number of 79 patients with 26 ( 32.9 % ) male and 53 ( 67.1 % ) female .
RESULTS	Delayed primary group had also a total number of 79 patients with 30 ( 38 % ) male and 49 ( 62 % ) female .
RESULTS	The mean age of patients in the primary closure group was 26.67 7.32 years while in the delayed primary group was 28.15 6.88 years .
RESULTS	In the entire series , 36 ( 22.8 % ) patients developed wound infection .
RESULTS	There was a significant association between wound infection and type of skin closure ( Delayed Primary Closure 6.3 % vs. Primary Closure 39.2 % , p < 0.000 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Delayed Primary closure is the optimal management strategy in case of perforated appendicitis as it decreases the incidence of wound infection .

###24402336
OBJECTIVE	this study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of hand hygiene performed with two different soap formulations : 0.3 % Melaleuca alternifolia essential oil versus 0.5 % triclosan , and to compare them with two reference hygiene procedures : the official methodology procedure ( soft soap ) versus the draft version of the procedure ( soft soap + propan-2-ol ) .
METHODS	using the European EN 1499 method , logarithmic reduction factors were determined for the number of colony forming units of Escherichia coli K12 before and after hand hygiene of 15 volunteer subjects , and compared using the one-tailed Wilcoxon test .
RESULTS	referring to the soft soap , there was no difference between the performance of soap with 0.3 % M. alternifolia and soap containing 0.5 % triclosan .
RESULTS	The soft soap + propan-2-ol proved to be more effective than the other hand hygiene procedures .
CONCLUSIONS	studies to verify the therapeutic efficacy of essential oil in hand hygiene can improve adherence to this practice .

###25807800
OBJECTIVE	To identify the effects of ingested anti-rotavirus immunoglobulin on enteric expressions of SIgA in pediatric rotavirus enteritis .
METHODS	In this randomized , placebo controlled clinic trial , 100 patients of pediatric rotavirus enteritis who simultaneously received fluid replacement as basic therapy , were randomly divided into control and immunoglobulin treated groups .
METHODS	The patients in experimental group were given `` ingested antirotavirus IgY '' .
METHODS	Stool sample was collected at day 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 and 11 , the level of fecal SIgA was quantifies by radioimmunoassay kit , and fecal rotavirus shedding was detected by double-sandwich ELISA .
RESULTS	The frequency of diarrhea in immunoglobulin group was obviously less than that in control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The mean course of diarrhea was ( 4.5 + / - 0.92 ) d in immunoglobulin group , and ( 5.8 + / - 1.68 ) d in control group ( P = 0.015 ) .
RESULTS	The fecal SIgA level in immunoglobulin group was higher than that in control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The doubling time of SIgA level was the 3rd d in immunoglobulin group , and the 5th d in control group .
RESULTS	The fecal rotavirus shedding in immunoglobulin group was obviously lower than that in control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Ingested anti-rotavirus immunoglobulin could promote the expression of enteric SIgA to remove rotavirus , achieving the benefit to release diarrhea in pediatric rotavirus enteritis .

###24621936
OBJECTIVE	This study sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of long-term growth hormone ( GH ) replacement therapy in GH-deficient patients with chronic heart failure ( CHF ) .
BACKGROUND	Recent evidence indicates that growth hormone deficiency ( GHD ) affects as many as 40 % of patients with CHF , and short-term GH replacement causes functional benefit .
BACKGROUND	Whether long-term GH replacement also affects CHF progression is unknown .
METHODS	The study is an extension of a previous randomized , controlled single-blind trial that screened 158 consecutive CHF patients ( New York Heart Association classes II to IV ) and identified 63 who had GHD by the growth hormone releasing hormone plus arginine test .
METHODS	Fifty-six patients were randomized to receive either GH therapy or standard CHF therapy .
METHODS	Patients were evaluated at baseline and after a 4-year follow-up .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was peak oxygen consumption ( VO2 ) .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints included left ventricular ( LV ) ejection fraction and volumes , serum amino terminal fragment of the pro-hormone brain-type natriuretic peptide , quality of life , and safety .
RESULTS	Seventeen patients in the GH group and 14 in the control group completed the study .
RESULTS	In the GH group , peak VO2 improved over the 4-year follow-up .
RESULTS	The treatment effect was 7.1 0.7 ml/kg/min versus -1.8 0.5 ml/kg/min in the GH and control groups , respectively .
RESULTS	At 4 years , LV ejection fraction increased by 10 3 % in the GH group , whereas it decreased by 2 5 % in control patients .
RESULTS	The treatment effect on LV end-systolic volume index was -22 6 ml and 8 3 ml/m ( 2 ) in the GH and control groups , respectively ( all p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	No major adverse events were reported in the patients who received GH .
CONCLUSIONS	Although this is a preliminary study , the finding suggests a new therapeutic approach to a large proportion of GHD patients with CHF .

###24829493
BACKGROUND	It is well recognized that amounts of trans and saturated fats should be minimized in Western diets ; however , considerable debate remains regarding optimal amounts of dietary n-9 , n-6 , and n-3 fatty acids .
OBJECTIVE	The objective was to examine the effects of varying n-9 , n-6 , and longer-chain n-3 fatty acid composition on markers of coronary heart disease ( CHD ) risk .
METHODS	A randomized , double-blind , 5-period , crossover design was used .
METHODS	Each 4-wk treatment period was separated by 4-wk washout intervals .
METHODS	Volunteers with abdominal obesity consumed each of 5 identical weight-maintaining , fixed-composition diets with one of the following treatment oils ( 60 g/3000 kcal ) in beverages : 1 ) conventional canola oil ( Canola ; n-9 rich ) , 2 ) high-oleic acid canola oil with docosahexaenoic acid ( CanolaDHA ; n-9 and n-3 rich ) , 3 ) a blend of corn and safflower oil ( 25:75 ) ( CornSaff ; n-6 rich ) , 4 ) a blend of flax and safflower oils ( 60:40 ) ( FlaxSaff ; n-6 and short-chain n-3 rich ) , or 5 ) high-oleic acid canola oil ( CanolaOleic ; highest in n-9 ) .
RESULTS	One hundred thirty individuals completed the trial .
RESULTS	At endpoint , total cholesterol ( TC ) was lowest after the FlaxSaff phase ( P < 0.05 compared with Canola and CanolaDHA ) and highest after the CanolaDHA phase ( P < 0.05 compared with CornSaff , FlaxSaff , and CanolaOleic ) .
RESULTS	Low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein ( HDL ) cholesterol were highest , and triglycerides were lowest , after CanolaDHA ( P < 0.05 compared with the other diets ) .
RESULTS	All diets decreased TC and LDL cholesterol from baseline to treatment endpoint ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	CanolaDHA was the only diet that increased HDL cholesterol from baseline ( 3.5 1.8 % ; P < 0.05 ) and produced the greatest reduction in triglycerides ( -20.7 3.8 % ; P < 0.001 ) and in systolic blood pressure ( -3.3 0.8 % ; P < 0.001 ) compared with the other diets ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Percentage reductions in Framingham 10-y CHD risk scores ( FRS ) from baseline were greatest after CanolaDHA ( -19.0 3.1 % ; P < 0.001 ) than after other treatments ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Consumption of CanolaDHA , a novel DHA-rich canola oil , improves HDL cholesterol , triglycerides , and blood pressure , thereby reducing FRS compared with other oils varying in unsaturated fatty acid composition .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01351012 .

###24265189
OBJECTIVE	To assess short - and long-term outcomes of pregnant women with very early rupture of membranes randomized to serial amnioinfusion or expectant management , and to collect data to inform a larger , more definitive clinical trial .
METHODS	This was a prospective non-blinded randomized controlled trial with randomization stratified for pregnancies in which the membranes ruptured between 16 +0 and 19 +6 weeks ' gestation and 20 +0 and 23 +6 weeks ' gestation to minimize the risk of random imbalance in gestational age distribution between randomized groups .
METHODS	Intention-to-treat analysis was used .
METHODS	The study was conducted in four UK hospital-based fetal medicine units ( Liverpool Women 's NHS Trust , St Mary 's Hospital Manchester , Birmingham Women 's NHS Foundation Trust and Wirral University Hospitals Trust ) .
METHODS	The participants were women with confirmed preterm prelabor rupture of membranes at 16 +0 to 24 +0 weeks ' gestation .
METHODS	Women with multiple pregnancy , fetal abnormality or obstetric indication for immediate delivery were excluded .
METHODS	Participants were randomly allocated to either serial weekly transabdominal amnioinfusions if the deepest pool of amniotic fluid was < 2cm or expectant management until 37 weeks ' gestation .
METHODS	Short-term maternal , pregnancy and neonatal and long-term outcomes for the child were studied .
METHODS	Long-term respiratory morbidity was assessed using validated respiratory questionnaires at 6 , 12 and 18 months of age and infant lung function test at around 12 months of age .
METHODS	Neurodevelopment was assessed using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development , second edition ( BSID-II ) at corrected age of 2 years .
RESULTS	Fifty-eight women were randomized to the study .
RESULTS	Two babies were excluded from the analysis because of termination of pregnancy for lethal anomaly , leaving 56 participants ( 28 assigned to serial amnioinfusion and 28 to expectant management ) recruited between 2002 and 2009 .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in perinatal mortality ( 19/28 vs 19/28 ; relative risk ( RR ) 1.0 ( 95 % CI , 0.70-1 .43 ) ) and maternal or neonatal morbidity .
RESULTS	The overall chance of surviving without long-term respiratory or neurodevelopmental disability was 4/56 ( 7.1 % ) ; 4/28 ( 14.3 % ) in the amnioinfusion group and 0/28 in the expectant group ( RR 9.0 ( 95 % CI , 0.51-159 .70 ) ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This pilot study found no major differences in maternal , perinatal or pregnancy outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	The study was not designed to show a difference between the groups and the number of survivors was too small to draw any conclusions about long-term outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	It does , however , signal that a larger definitive study to evaluate amnioinfusion for improvement in healthy survival is needed .
CONCLUSIONS	The pilot suggests that , with appropriate funding , such a study is feasible .

###25910292
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the risk of abdominal operation in patients with fatty liver and the risk of any cancer in first-degree relatives of patients with fatty liver .
METHODS	We evaluated 105 patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) , 121 patients with biopsy-proven hepatitis C ( 61 patients with fatty liver and 60 patients without fatty liver ) , 50 patients with inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) , and 109 patients with dyspepsia .
RESULTS	There was no difference in sex , mean age , and marital status among the groups except that patients with IBD were younger than the others ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The frequency of cancer among family members was 18 % in IBD , 9 % in dyspepsia , 28 % in hepatitis C with steatosis , 21.5 % in hepatitis C without steatosis , and 27 % in NAFLD ( p = 0.006 ) .
RESULTS	Then , we divided the study group into two groups as follows : group 1 : ( IBD + dyspepsia + hepatitis C without steatosis ) and group 2 : ( hepatitis C with steatosis + NAFLD ) .
RESULTS	We found that the frequency of cancer was 16 % in group 1 versus 24.4 % in group 2 ( p = 0.037 ) .
RESULTS	We also investigated the risk of abdominal operation in patients with fatty liver .
RESULTS	The results were as follows : 33 % in group without fatty liver versus 43 % in group with fatty liver ( p = 0.043 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Understanding the underlying causes of fatty liver forms might decrease the cancer frequency in the population and number of operations in patients with fatty liver .

###24886488
BACKGROUND	Chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) is common and increasing in prevalence .
BACKGROUND	Cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) is a major cause of morbidity and death in CKD , though of a different phenotype to the general CVD population .
BACKGROUND	Few therapies have proved effective in modifying the increased CVD risk or rate of renal decline in CKD .
BACKGROUND	There are accumulating data that aldosterone receptor antagonists ( ARA ) may offer cardio-protection and delay renal impairment in patients with the CV phenotype in CKD .
BACKGROUND	The use of ARA in CKD has therefore been increasingly advocated .
BACKGROUND	However , no large study of ARA with renal or CVD outcomes is underway .
METHODS	The study is a prospective randomised open blinded endpoint ( PROBE ) trial set in primary care where patients will mainly be identified by their GPs or from existing CKD lists .
METHODS	They will be invited if they have been formally diagnosed with CKD stage 3b or there is evidence of stage 3b CKD from blood results ( eGFR 30-44mL / min/1 .73 m2 ) and fulfil the other inclusion/exclusion criteria .
METHODS	Patients will be randomised to either spironolactone 25mg once daily in addition to routine care or routine care alone and followed-up for 36months .
CONCLUSIONS	BARACK D is a PROBE trial to determine the effect of ARA on mortality and cardiovascular outcomes ( onset or progression of CVD ) in patients with stage 3b CKD .
BACKGROUND	EudraCT : 2012-002672-13ISRTN : ISRCTN44522369 .

###25451890
OBJECTIVE	To assess changes in circulating incretin levels and body fat compositions with initial combination therapy with - glucosidase inhibitor and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor in patients with type 2 diabetes ( T2D ) .
METHODS	In this multicenter open-label 24-week trial , Japanese over-weight ( BMI 25 kg/m ( 2 ) ) patients with T2D not taking medication or taking metformin and/or sulfonylurea were randomly assigned to receive either 50mg of miglitol three times a day ( M , n = 14 ) , 50mg of sitagliptin once a day ( S , n = 14 ) , or a combination of both ( M+S , n = 13 ) .
METHODS	Changes in plasma incretin levels during a meal tolerance test ( MTT ) and body fat composition with impedance method were evaluated .
RESULTS	During MTT , postprandial plasma glucose levels decreased more after M+S than after M or S , and postprandial serum insulin levels decreased significantly after M and M+S whereas they increased after S.
RESULTS	After M , active gastric inhibitory polypeptide ( aGIP ) decreased significantly at 30 min despite a significant increase at 120 min .
RESULTS	After S , aGIP levels increased significantly throughout the MTT .
RESULTS	After M+S , aGIP increased significantly at 0 and 120 min despite of significant decrease at 30 min .
RESULTS	M+S further enhanced postprandial active glucagon-like peptide-1 levels during MTT than S did .
RESULTS	Total body fat mass decreased significantly after M and M+S .
RESULTS	Visceral fat mass decreased significantly only after M+S .
RESULTS	Serum adiponectin increased significantly only after M+S .
CONCLUSIONS	In over-weight patients with T2D , M+S may have a beneficial effect on adiposity with relation to these different effects on two incretins .

###25876343
OBJECTIVE	To observe the effect differences on post-stroke dysphagia among acupoint injection combined with neural electrical stimulation , acupoint injection , neural electrical stimulation , and swallowing training respectively , so eligible intervention can be applied to this kind of disease .
METHODS	One hundred and eight-three patients of post-stroke dysphagia were randomized into a comprehensive treatment group ( 42 cases ) , an acupoint injection group ( 44 cases ) , a neural electrical stimulation group ( 49 cases ) and a swallow training group ( 48 cases ) and were treated with the comprehensive therapy of acupoint injection and neural electrical stimulation , acupoint injection , neural electrical stimulation and swallowing training separately .
METHODS	The treatments for 10 days made one session .
METHODS	There were 3 days at the interval among treatment sessions and 3 sessions were required totally .
METHODS	The cases in those treatment groups were blankly controlled with the other 47 patients of post-stroke dysphagia .
METHODS	All the patients received basic rehabilitation treatment .
METHODS	The modified water swallowing test was conducted to assess the efficacy before treatment , 10 days after treatment and 30 days after treatment in each group separately .
METHODS	The clinical efficacy , score of water swallowing test and improvement in water swallow test were compared among the groups .
RESULTS	After 10-day treatment , the differences in efficacy and score of water swallow test were not significant in each group ( all P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	After 30-day treatment , the effective rate ( 94.29 % , 33/35 ) in the comprehensive treatment group was apparently better than 68.75 % ( 22/32 ) in the acupoint injection group , 80.00 % ( 32/40 ) in the neural electrical stimulation group , 67.50 % ( 27/40 ) in the swallowing training group and 42.86 % ( 12/28 ) in the blank group separately .
RESULTS	The score in water swallow test in the comprehensive treatment group was lower than that in each of the other groups ( 1.37 0.60 vs 2.03 1.00 , 1.90 0.90 , 2.20 0.72 , 2.71 0.90 , all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The differences in the effective rate and score in water swallow test were not significant among the acupoint injection group , neural electrical stimulation group and swallowing training group ( all P > 0.05 ) , which indicated that the improvement in swallowing function in the comprehensive treatment group was significantly superior to the other groups ( all P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The comprehensive therapy of acupoint injection and neural electrical stimulation achieves the much better efficacy on post-stroke dysphagia .