###24923685
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the impact of a 91-day extended regimen combined oral contraceptive ( 150 g levonorgestrel [ LNG ] / 30 g ethinylestradiol [ EE ] for 84 days , followed by 10 g EE for seven days [ Treatment 1 ] ) compared with two traditional 21/7 regimens ( 21 days 150 g LNG/30 g EE [ Treatment 2 ] or 150 g desogestrel [ DSG ] / 30 g EE [ Treatment 3 ] , both with seven days ' hormone free ) , on several coagulation factors and thrombin formation markers .
METHODS	Randomised , open-label , parallel-group comparative study involving healthy women ( 18-40 years ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was change from baseline in prothrombin fragment 1 + 2 ( F1 + 2 ) levels over six months .
RESULTS	A total of 187 subjects were included in the primary analysis .
RESULTS	In all groups , mean F1 + 2 values were elevated after six months of treatment .
RESULTS	Changes were comparable between Treatments 1 and 2 ( least squares mean change : 170 pmol/L and 158 pmol/L , respectively ) but noticeably larger after Treatment 3 ( least squares mean change : 592 pmol/L ) .
RESULTS	The haemostatic effects of Treatment 1 were comparable to those of Treatment 2 and noninferior to those of Treatment 3 ( lower limit of 95 % confidence interval [ - 18.3 pmol/L ] > - 130 pmol/L ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The LNG/EE regimens had similar effects on F1 + 2 .
CONCLUSIONS	Noninferiority was demonstrated between extended regimen LNG/EE and DSG/EE .

###25200640
OBJECTIVE	To investigate whether the type of anesthetic agent administered affects the antitussive effect of remifentanil .
METHODS	Prospective randomized study .
METHODS	Operating room of a university hospital .
METHODS	78 ASA physical status 1 and 2 women , aged 20 to 65 years , who were scheduled to undergo a thyroidectomy .
METHODS	Patients were randomly assigned to three groups to receive anesthesia with propofol ( Group P ) , sevoflurane ( Group S ) , or desflurane ( Group D ) .
METHODS	The main anesthetics were titrated to maintain a target Bispectral Index for hypnosis of 40 to 60 .
METHODS	Remifentanil was administered via effect-site target-controlled infusion ( TCI ) .
METHODS	To determine the effective remifentanil effect-site concentration ( Ce ) to suppress coughing in each group , the up-and-down sequential allocation design was used .
METHODS	The half maximal effective concentration ( EC50 ) values of remifentanil for preventing coughing in the groups were estimated using isotonic regression and compared among the groups .
RESULTS	The EC50 of remifentanil for cough suppression in Group P [ 1.60 ng/mL ( 98.3 % CI , 0.92-1 .75 ng/mL ) ] was statistically lower than in Group D [ 1.96 ng/mL ( 98.3 % CI , 1.81-2 .50 ng/mL ) ] .
RESULTS	The EC50 in Group S was 1.75 ng/mL ( 98.3 % CI , 1.39-2 .13 ng/mL ) , which was higher than in Group P and lower than in Group D , but did not differ significantly from either group .
CONCLUSIONS	Remifentanil administration for cough suppression during emergence should be customized to the anesthetic agent .

###24686884
BACKGROUND	It is important that patients are well-informed about risks and benefits of therapies to help them decide whether to accept medical therapy .
BACKGROUND	Different numerical formats can be used in risk communication but It remains unclear how the different formats affect decisions made by real-life patients .
OBJECTIVE	To compare the impact of using Prolongation Of Life ( POL ) and Absolute Risk Reduction ( ARR ) information formats to express effectiveness of cholesterol-lowering therapy on patients ' redemptions of statin prescriptions , and on patients ' confidence in their decision and satisfaction with the risk communication .
METHODS	Cluster-randomised clinical trial in general practices .
METHODS	Thirty-four Danish GPs from 23 practices participated in a primary care-based clinical trial concerning use of quantitative effectiveness formats for risk communication in health prevention consultations .
METHODS	GPs were cluster-randomised ( treating practices as clusters ) to inform patients about cardiovascular mortality risk and the effectiveness of statin treatment using either POL or ARR formats .
METHODS	Patients ' redemptions of statin prescriptions were obtained from a regional prescription database .
METHODS	The COMRADE questionnaire was used to measure patients ' confidence in their decision and satisfaction with the risk communication .
RESULTS	Of the 240 patients included for analyses , 112 were allocated to POL information and 128 to ARR .
RESULTS	Patients redeeming a statin prescription totalled six ( 5.4 % ) when informed using POL , and 32 ( 25.0 % ) when using ARR .
RESULTS	The level of confidence in decision and satisfaction with risk communication did not differ between the risk formats .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients redeemed statin prescriptions less often when their GP communicated treatment effectiveness using POL compared with ARR .

###25627076
BACKGROUND	Although hydroxyethyl starch ( HES ) is commonly used as an intravascular volume expander in surgical patients , recent studies suggest that it may increase the risk of renal failure in critically ill patients .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesized that patients undergoing radical prostatectomy and receiving HES would be more likely to develop markers of renal failure , such as increasing urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin ( u-NGAL ) , creatinine clearance ( C ( crea ) ) , and decreasing urine output ( UO ) .
METHODS	In a randomized , double-blinded , placebo-controlled study , 40 patients referred for radical prostatectomy received either 6 % HES 130/0 .4 or saline 0.9 % ; 7.5 mL/kg during the first hour of surgery and 5 mL/kg in the following hours ; u-NGAL , urine albumin , C ( crea ) , UO , arterial blood pressure , and plasma concentrations of creatinine , renin , angiotensin II , aldosterone , and vasopressin were measured before , during , and after surgery .
RESULTS	Thirty-six patients completed the study .
RESULTS	u-NGAL , C ( crea ) , UO , plasma neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin , p-creatinine , urine albumin , and arterial blood pressure were the same in both groups .
RESULTS	Blood loss was higher in the HES group ( HES 1250 vs saline 750 mL ) , while p-albumin was reduced to a significantly lower level .
RESULTS	P-renin and p-angiotensin-II increased in both groups , whereas p-aldosterone and p-vasopressin increased significantly in the saline group .
CONCLUSIONS	We found no evidence of nephrotoxicity after infusion of 6 % HES 130/0 .4 in patients undergoing prostatectomy with normal preoperative renal function .
CONCLUSIONS	Hemodynamic stability and infused fluid volume were the same in both groups .
CONCLUSIONS	We observed an increased blood loss in the group given 6 % HES 130/0 .4 .

###25478975
BACKGROUND	Nasotracheal intubation of patients with temporomandibular joint ( TMJ ) ankylosis is a challenge for anesthesiologists .
BACKGROUND	Awake fiberoptic intubation ( AFOI ) is the safest technique in patients with difficult airway .
BACKGROUND	This study compares 3 different techniques of conscious sedation during AFOI in patients with TMJ ankylosis .
METHODS	This study comprised 54 patients , American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status 1 , scheduled for TMJ surgery .
METHODS	The patients were randomly allocated to remifentanil group ( n = 18 , 0.75 g/kg over 30 seconds ) , ketamine group ( n = 18 , 0.25 mg/kg over 30 seconds ) , or propofol group ( n = 18 , 0.5 mg/kg over 30 seconds ) for conscious sedation .
METHODS	The main determinants affecting the patient 's outcome included intubation time , intubation conditions , and patient discomfort , which were determined by scoring system .
METHODS	In addition , postoperative patient dissatisfaction , hemodynamic stability , and respiratory impairment were measured .
RESULTS	Intubation times were significantly different between groups ( P < 0.001 ) , where remifentanil had the shortest time ( 30.28 seconds ) .
RESULTS	Intubation conditions ( scores 0-3 ) were significantly different between groups ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	In this context , remifentanil had score 3 ( 2-3 ) , which was higher compared with 2 ( 1-3 ) for ketamine and 2 ( 1-2 ) for propofol .
RESULTS	Patient discomfort score was lowest in the remifentanil group .
RESULTS	Hemodynamic stability was maintained within groups , and its changes were not significant ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Postoperative patient 's dissatisfaction was observed in 2 , 3 , and 5 patients in remifentanil , ketamine , and propofol groups , respectively .
RESULTS	Respiratory impairment ( apnea ) recorded lowest in the remifentanil group .
CONCLUSIONS	Remifentanil was the best agent for AFOI , because it provided shorter intubation time , better intubation conditions , and least patient 's complaint.Iranian registry no. : IRCT 201208061674N4 ( www.irct.ir ) .

###24802722
OBJECTIVE	AZD7325 is a novel 2,3 - subtype-selective partial GABA-A-receptor modulator .
OBJECTIVE	This study investigated the pharmacodynamics of single oral doses of AZD7325 2mg and 10mg on the central nervous system ( CNS ) compared with placebo and lorazepam 2mg .
METHODS	This double-blind , randomized , four way crossover study enrolled 16 healthy males and administered two validated CNS test batteries to measure drug effects on cognitive , neurophysiologic and psychomotor function and subjective feelings .
METHODS	The pharmacological selectivity of AZD7325 was compared with lorazepam by plotting saccadic peak velocity change from baseline ( SPV ) against body sway ( Sway ) and visual analogue scale for alertness ( VASalertness ) .
METHODS	This analysis has previously been used to identify 2,3 - subtype-selectivity .
RESULTS	In contrast with the robust impairment caused by lorazepam ( all P < 0.05 vs. placebo ) , neither dose of AZD7325 induced statistically significant effects on any pharmacodynamic measurements .
RESULTS	Lorazepam-induced SPV-reduction was linearly related to changes in other neurophysiologic biomarkers .
RESULTS	In contrast , the slopes of the regression lines were flatter for AZD7325 , particularly for the log ( Sway ) - SPV relation ( estimate slope , AZD7325 10mg vs. lorazepam , difference [ 95 % confidence interval ] , P value -0.00036 vs. -0.00206 , 0.001704 [ 0.000639 , 0.002768 ] , P = 0.0018 ) and the VASalertness - SPV relationship ( 0.01855 vs. 0.08216 , -0.06360 [ -0.1046 , -0.02257 ] , P = 0.0024 ) .
RESULTS	AZD7325 10mg and lorazepam induced different response patterns on VAS ` feeling high ' and electro-encephalography .
CONCLUSIONS	The characteristic SPV-relative effect profiles of AZD7325 vs. lorazepam suggest anxio-selectivity related to 2,3 - selective GABAA agonism .
CONCLUSIONS	However , exploration of higher doses may be warranted .
CONCLUSIONS	The paucity of effects on most CNS-PD parameters also indicates a mitigated side effect pattern , with potentially lower cognitive and neurophysiological side effect burden than non-selective benzodiazepines .

###25471366
BACKGROUND	Healthcare providers ( HCPs ) play a critical role in controlling the spread of sexually transmitted infections ( STI ) through early and accurate diagnosis , appropriate treatment and prevention counselling .
BACKGROUND	This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of an educational intervention about STI on knowledge and reported practice among HCPs and to explore which determinants may influence the intervention 's effects .
METHODS	A cluster randomized controlled educational intervention was carried out in a rural district , Vietnam .
METHODS	32 communes of the district were randomized into two arms , with 160 HCPs in an STI intervention arm and 144 in a control arm .
METHODS	The STI intervention comprised interactive training with basic STI knowledge , case scenarios , and poster distribution .
METHODS	Questionnaires to evaluate knowledge and reported practice were completed three times : before , during and after the intervention .
METHODS	Correct answer was scored as 1 ; `` do not know '' , incorrect answer was scored as 0 .
METHODS	Univariate and multilevel multivariate analyses were applied .
RESULTS	Of the maximum 56 points , the mean knowledge score increased significantly in the STI intervention arm and in the control arm post-intervention ( 37.2 to 48.4 , and 32.7 to 41.7 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	In multivariate regression analysis , knowledge improvement in the intervention arm was significantly higher than that in the control arm ( regression coefficient = 2.97 , p = 0.008 ) .
RESULTS	Other factors which positively influenced the increase in knowledge were being between 35 and 50 years old , having intermediate professional training , being a pharmacist or working at a village level ( regression coefficient : 2.81 , 4.43 , 5.53 and 7.91 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Post-intervention , the mean reported practice score increased significantly in the STI intervention arm ( from 17.6 to 21.8 ) and insignificantly in the control arm ( maximum 36 points ) .
RESULTS	Factors which positively influenced the increase in reported practice were being between 35 and 50 years old , having intermediate professional training , or working at a pharmacy/drugstore ( regression coefficient : 2.15 , 3.33 and 3.22 , respectively ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study indicates that an educational intervention including interactive training and multi-faceted interventions may be effective in improving STI knowledge and reported practice of HCPs at grassroots level , particularly among pharmacists , HCPs who work in villages or pharmacies/drugstores , and who initially have low STI knowledge .

###25604761
BACKGROUND	Long-lasting insecticidal net screens ( LLIS ) fitted to domestic windows and doors in combination with targeted treatment ( TT ) of the most productive Aedes aegypti breeding sites were evaluated for their impact on dengue vector indices in a cluster-randomised trial in Mexico between 2011 and 2013 .
METHODS	Sequentially over 2 years , LLIS and TT were deployed in 10 treatment clusters ( 100 houses/cluster ) and followed up over 24 months .
METHODS	Cross-sectional surveys quantified infestations of adult mosquitoes , immature stages at baseline ( pre-intervention ) and in four post-intervention samples at 6-monthly intervals .
METHODS	Identical surveys were carried out in 10 control clusters that received no treatment .
RESULTS	LLIS clusters had significantly lower infestations compared to control clusters at 5 and 12 months after installation , as measured by adult ( male and female ) and pupal-based vector indices .
RESULTS	After addition of TT to the intervention houses in intervention clusters , indices remained significantly lower in the treated clusters until 18 ( immature and adult stage indices ) and 24 months ( adult indices only ) post-intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	These safe , simple affordable vector control tools were well-accepted by study participants and are potentially suitable in many regions at risk from dengue worldwide .

###24582007
OBJECTIVE	To compare remifentanil and morphine-midazolam for use in nonurgent endotracheal intubation in neonates .
METHODS	In this prospective noninferiority randomized trial , newborns of gestational age 28 weeks admitted in the neonatal intensive care unit requiring an elective or semielective endotracheal intubation were divided into 2 groups .
METHODS	One group ( n = 36 ) received remifentanil ( 1 g/kg ) , and the other group ( n = 35 ) received morphine ( 100 g/kg ) and midazolam ( 50 g/kg ) at a predefined time before intubation ( different in each group ) , to optimize the peak effect of each drug .
METHODS	Both groups also received atropine ( 20 g/kg ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome was to compare the conditions of intubation , and the secondary outcome was to compare the duration of successful intubation , physiological variables , and pain scores between groups for first and second intubation attempts .
METHODS	Adverse events and neurologic test data were reported .
RESULTS	Intubation with remifentanil was not inferior to that with morphine-midazolam .
RESULTS	At the first attempted intubation , intubation conditions were poor in 25 % of the remifentanil group and in 28.6 % of the morphine-midazolam group ( P = .471 ) .
RESULTS	For the second attempt , conditions were poor in 28.6 % of the remifentanil group , compared with 10 % of the morphine-midazolam group ( P = .360 ) .
RESULTS	The median time to successful intubation was 33 seconds ( IQR , 24-45 seconds ) for the remifentanil group versus 36 seconds ( IQR , 25-59 seconds ) for the morphine-medazolam group ( P = .359 ) at the first attempt and 45 seconds ( IQR , 35-64 seconds ) versus 56 seconds ( IQR , 44-68 seconds ) , respectively , for the second attempt ( P = .302 ) .
RESULTS	No significant between-group difference was reported for hypotension , bradycardia , or adverse events .
CONCLUSIONS	In our cohort , remifentanil was at least as effective as the morphine-midazolam regimen for endotracheal intubation .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , premedication using this very-short-acting opioid can be considered in urgent intubations and is advantageous in rapid extubation .

###24738461
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination therapy of tamsulosin and solifenacin for mild and moderate benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ) with overactive bladder ( OAB ) .
METHODS	We randomly divided 166 patients with BPH and concomitant OAB into a mild obstruction symptom group ( n = 88 ) and a moderate obstruction symptom group ( n = 78 ) , 48 of the former group treated with 0.2 mg tamsulosin + 5 mg solifenacin and the other 40 with 0.2 mg tamsulosin ; 36 of the latter group treated with 0.2 mg tamsulosin + 5 mg solifenacin and the other 42 with 0.2 mg tamsulosin , all administered once daily for 12 weeks .
METHODS	We obtained the International Prostate Symptom Score ( IPSS ) , urine storage period symptom score ( USPSS ) , voiding symptom score ( VSS ) , Qmax , residual urine volume , OAB symptom score ( OABSS ) and adverse reactions , and compared them among different
RESULTS	Among the patients with mild obstruction symptoms , the combination of tamsulosin and solifenacin achieved remark-groups .
RESULTS	able improvement in IPSS , USPSS , Qmax and OABSS as compared with the baseline ( P < 0.05 ) , but made no significant difference in the residual urine volume ( P > 0.05 ) , while tamsulosin improved IPSS only ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The combination therapy exhibited an obvious superiority over tamsulosin alone in improving IPSS ( 9.7 micro 3.0 vs 15.8 micro 3.3 ) , USPSS ( 8.1 micro 1.7 vs 12.3 micro 3.1 ) , Qmax ( [ 18.6 micro 2.3 ] ml/s vs [ 14.2 micro 2.3 ] ml/s ) , and OABSS ( 5.3 micro 1.3 vs 9.7 micro 2.7 ) ( P < 0.05 ) , but there were no obvious differences in residual urine , urine routine test results and adverse events between the two therapies ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	In those with moderate obstruction symptoms , the combination therapy significantly improved IPSS , VSS , Qmax and OABSS ( P < 0.05 ) but not the residual urine ( P > 0.05 ) in comparison with the baseline .
RESULTS	The tamsulosin therapy achieved obvious improvement in IPSS , VSS , Qmax , OABSS and residual urine .
RESULTS	The combination therapy showed a better effect than tamsulosin only in OABSS ( 4.8 + / -1.5 vs 6.5 + / -2.5 , P < 0.05 ) , but no significant differences from the latter in IPSS , Qmax , VSS , routine urine test results , and adverse
CONCLUSIONS	Combination therapy of tamsulosin and solifenacin is obviously safe and efficacious in the treatment ( P > 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	eventsof bothmild and moderate BPH with concomitant OAB , and it is superior to tamsulosin alone .

###25557936
BACKGROUND	Circular excision by secondary-intention healing is useful for small skin defects ( diameter < 10 mm ) .
BACKGROUND	But the injection pain as the local anesthesia is administered one of the patients ' biggest concerns .
BACKGROUND	Buffered lidocaine can effectively relieve the injection pain , but it might increase the potential complications .
BACKGROUND	This study examined the effect of buffered lidocaine on wound healing .
METHODS	Patients undergoing circular excision by secondary-intention healing were divided into 2 groups and were administered buffered or unbuffered lidocaine as the local anesthesia .
METHODS	Comparative parameters included injection pain , postoperative pain , complication rate , scar width , and scar quality at 6 months .
METHODS	Statistical differences between the 2 agents were assessed .
RESULTS	The patients in the buffered group experienced 0.9 fewer scaled injection pain units than did the patients in the unbuffered group ( p = 0.009 ) .
RESULTS	Complication rates and scar appearance did not show any statistical difference between the 2 groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Buffered lidocaine is useful to relieve the injection pain during the secondary-intention healing , and it is safe to use if it is applied properly .

###25485802
BACKGROUND	Different techniques have been used for filler injection of the tear trough and palpebromalar groove .
BACKGROUND	Most patients report good results ; however , some patients here experienced variable degrees of side effects .
OBJECTIVE	To assess if previous estimation of the bony orbit depth could affect the choice between bolus and serial puncture technique , and thereby the procedure outcome .
METHODS	In 32 patients , the periosteum depth was measured by using a 28 G needle at 2 points : Point A at the midpupillary line and Point B at the outer canthus .
METHODS	The bolus technique was performed in the right side , and serial puncture technique was done on the left side .
RESULTS	There was a significant difference in the degree of improvement between both sides in 71 % of patients : 40 % had better improvement on the right side , whereas 31 % had better improvement on the left side .
RESULTS	Cases with skin-to-periosteum depth less than 0.5 cm showed better results with serial puncture technique , whereas those with more than 0.5 cm depth showed better results with bolus technique .
CONCLUSIONS	Assessment of bony orbit depth could offer new tool for selecting infraorbital groove injection technique .

###24509190
OBJECTIVE	A randomized controlled trial to confirm the non-inferiority of laparoscopic surgery to open surgery in terms of overall survival was conducted , and short-term surgical outcomes are demonstrated .
BACKGROUND	The efficacy and safety outcome of laparoscopic surgery for clinical stages II/III colon cancer undergoing Japanese D3 dissection are still unclear .
METHODS	Eligibility criteria included colon cancer ; tumor located in the cecum , ascending , sigmoid , or rectosigmoid colon ; T3 or T4 without involvement of other organs ; N0-2 ; and M0 .
METHODS	Patients were randomized preoperatively and underwent tumor resection with D3 dissection .
METHODS	Safety analyses were conducted by per-protocol set .
RESULTS	A total of 1057 patients were randomized between October 2004 and March 2009 .
RESULTS	By per-protocol set , 524 patients who underwent open surgery and 533 patients who underwent laparoscopic surgery were analyzed .
RESULTS	D3 dissection was performed in 521 ( 99.4 % ) patients in the open surgery arm and 529 ( 99.2 % ) patients in the laparoscopic surgery arm .
RESULTS	Conversion to open surgery was needed for 29 ( 5.4 % ) patients .
RESULTS	Patients assigned to laparoscopic surgery had less blood loss ( P < 0.001 ) , although laparoscopic surgery lasted 52 minutes longer ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Laparoscopic surgery was associated with a shorter time to pass first flatus , decreased use of analgesics after 5 postoperative days , and a shorter hospital stay .
RESULTS	Morbidity [ 14.3 % ( 76/533 ) vs 22.3 % ( 117/524 ) , P < 0.001 ] was lower in the laparoscopic surgery arm .
CONCLUSIONS	Short-term surgical safety and clinical benefits of laparoscopic D3 dissection were demonstrated .
CONCLUSIONS	The primary endpoint will be reported after the primary analysis , planned for 2014 .

###24343353
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this study is to understand the effectiveness of foam rolling ( FR ) as a recovery tool after exercise-induced muscle damage , analyzing thigh girth , muscle soreness , range of motion ( ROM ) , evoked and voluntary contractile properties , vertical jump , perceived pain while FR , and force placed on the foam roller .
METHODS	Twenty male subjects ( 3 yr of strength training experience ) were randomly assigned into the control ( n = 10 ) or FR ( n = 10 ) group .
METHODS	All the subjects followed the same testing protocol .
METHODS	The subjects participated in five testing sessions : 1 ) orientation and one-repetition maximum back squat , 2 ) pretest measurements , 10 10 squat protocol , and POST-0 ( posttest 0 ) measurements , along with measurements at 3 ) POST-24 , 4 ) POST-48 , and 5 ) POST-72 .
METHODS	The only between-group difference was that the FR group performed a 20-min FR exercise protocol at the end of each testing session ( POST-0 , POST-24 , and POST-48 ) .
RESULTS	FR substantially reduced muscle soreness at all time points while substantially improving ROM .
RESULTS	FR negatively affected evoked contractile properties with the exception of half relaxation time and electromechanical delay ( EMD ) , with FR substantially improving EMD .
RESULTS	Voluntary contractile properties showed no substantial between-group differences for all measurements besides voluntary muscle activation and vertical jump , with FR substantially improving muscle activation at all time points and vertical jump at POST-48 .
RESULTS	When performing the five FR exercises , measurements of the subjects ' force placed on the foam roller and perceived pain while FR ranged between 26 and 46 kg ( 32 % -55 % body weight ) and 2.5 and 7.5 points , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	The most important findings of the present study were that FR was beneficial in attenuating muscle soreness while improving vertical jump height , muscle activation , and passive and dynamic ROM in comparison with control .
CONCLUSIONS	FR negatively affected several evoked contractile properties of the muscle , except for half relaxation time and EMD , indicating that FR benefits are primarily accrued through neural responses and connective tissue .

###25575764
OBJECTIVE	Biochemical modulation of 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) by leucovorin ( LV ) enhances antitumor activity .
OBJECTIVE	LV is thus often added to 5-FU-based regimens for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer ( mCRC ) .
OBJECTIVE	A combination of S-1 , oxaliplatin , and LV ( SOL ) was shown to be feasible , effective , and safe in a previous phase I trial .
OBJECTIVE	We therefore conducted a randomized phase II trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of SOL compared with mFOLFOX6 .
METHODS	Patients with mCRC and no prior chemotherapy were randomly assigned to receive either SOL or mFOLFOX6 .
METHODS	SOL consisted of S-1 ( 40-60mg bid ) plus oral LV ( 25mg bid ) for 1week and oxaliplatin ( 85mg/m ( 2 ) ) on day 1 , repeated every 2weeks .
RESULTS	Among 107 patients enrolled from July 2008 through July 2009 , 105 ( 56 in the SOL group and 49 in the mFOLFOX6 group ) were eligible and evaluated .
RESULTS	The median progression-free survival was 9.6 months in the SOL group and 6.9 months in the mFOLFOX6 group [ hazard ratio ( HR ) 0.83 , 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) 0.49-1 .40 ] .
RESULTS	The median overall survival was 29.9 and 25.9 months , respectively ( HR 0.91 , 95 % CI 0.55-1 .49 ) .
RESULTS	The response rate was 55 % in both groups .
RESULTS	Grade 3 or 4 adverse drug reactions were neutropenia ( 20 % with SOL vs 41 % with mFOLFOX6 ) , sensory neuropathy ( 20 vs 2.0 % ) , anorexia ( 13 vs 7.8 % ) , fatigue ( 11 vs 5.9 % ) , and diarrhea ( 11 vs 3.9 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	SOL demonstrated promising efficacy and acceptable toxicity as first-line chemotherapy for mCRC .
CONCLUSIONS	Further studies of SOL combined with molecular target agents are warranted .

###25391539
OBJECTIVE	To test the hypothesis that the GH receptor ( GHR ) exon 3 deleted ( d3 ) / full-length ( fl ) polymorphism influences anthropometry and body composition in the general population .
METHODS	The Swedish Obese Subjects ( SOS ) reference study is a cross-sectional population-based study , randomly selected from a population registry .
METHODS	A subgroup of the population-based Malm Diet and Cancer study ( MDC-CC ) was used as a replication cohort .
METHODS	The SOS reference study comprises 1135 subjects ( 46.2 % men ) , with an average age of 49.5 years .
METHODS	The MDC-CC includes 5451 successfully genotyped subjects ( 41.5 % men ) , with an average age of 57.5 years .
METHODS	GHR d3/fl genotypes were determined using TagSNP rs6873545 .
METHODS	Linear regression analyses were used to test for genotype-phenotype associations .
RESULTS	In the SOS reference study , subjects homozygous for the d3-GHR weighed 4kg more ( P = 0.011 ) , and had larger waist-to-hip ratio ( WHR , P = 0.036 ) , larger waist circumference ( P = 0.016 ) , and more fat-free mass estimated from total body potassium ( P = 0.026 ) than grouped fl/d3 and fl/fl subjects ( d3-recessive genetic model ) .
RESULTS	The association with WHR was replicated in the MDC-CC ( P = 0.002 ) , but not those with other anthropometric traits .
CONCLUSIONS	In this population-based study , the GHR d3/fl polymorphism was found to be of functional relevance and associated with central adiposity , such that subjects homozygous for the d3-GHR showed an increased abdominal obesity .

###26299215
BACKGROUND	Appropriate use criteria ( AUC ) for transthoracic echocardiography ( TTE ) were developed to address concerns regarding inappropriate use of TTE .
BACKGROUND	A previous pilot study suggests that an educational and feedback intervention can reduce inappropriate TTEs ordered by physicians in training .
BACKGROUND	It is unknown if this type of intervention will be effective when targeted at attending level physicians in a variety of clinical settings .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this international , multicenter study is to evaluate the hypothesis that an AUC-based educational and feedback intervention will reduce the proportion of inappropriate echocardiograms ordered by attending physicians in the ambulatory environment .
METHODS	In an ongoing multicentered , investigator-blinded , randomized controlled trial across Canada and the United States , cardiologists and primary care physicians practicing in the ambulatory setting will be enrolled .
METHODS	The intervention arm will receive ( 1 ) a lecture outlining the AUC and most recent available evidence highlighting appropriate use of TTE , ( 2 ) access to the American Society of Echocardiography mobile phone app , and ( 3 ) individualized feedback reports e-mailed monthly summarizing TTE ordering behavior including information on inappropriate TTEs and brief explanations of the inappropriate designation .
METHODS	The control group will receive no education on TTE appropriate use and order TTEs as usual practice .
CONCLUSIONS	The Echo WISELY ( Will Inappropriate Scenarios for Echocardiography Lessen Significantly in an education RCT ) study is the first multicenter randomized trial of an AUC-based educational intervention .
CONCLUSIONS	The study will examine whether an education and feedback intervention will reduce the rate of outpatient inappropriate TTEs ordered by attending level cardiologists and primary care physicians ( www.clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT02038101 ) .

###24957311
BACKGROUND	Poststroke cognitive impairment is common and identification of prognostic factors associated with it and its relationship with other functional outcomes may help in developing preventative strategies .
METHODS	Previously independent patients with acute stroke , enrolled into the ongoing `` Efficacy of Nitric Oxide in Stroke '' trial , were assessed by telephone on day 90 for cognitive impairment using modified versions of `` Mini Mental State Examination '' ( MMSE-M ) and `` Telephone Instrument for Cognitive Status '' ( TICS-M ) scales and category fluency .
METHODS	The relationship of cognitive impairment with baseline prognostic factors and other functional outcomes at day 90 were studied .
RESULTS	The analysis included 1572 patients , mean age 69years ( standard deviation , 12 ) , and female 40 % .
RESULTS	By 90days , 246 patients had died , and cognitive impairment was present in 38 % .
RESULTS	Increasing age , stroke severity , heart rate , and presence of cerebral atrophy on baseline neuroimaging were associated with cognitive impairment ( all P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Hypertension and atrial fibrillation were also associated with category fluency and MMSE-M , respectively .
RESULTS	Cognition was significantly related to other functional outcomes , TICS-M with dependency ( modified Rankin Scale , rs = -.562 , P < .001 ) ; disability ( Barthel Index , rs = .577 , P < .001 ) ; mood ( Zung Depression Score , rs = -.542 , P < .001 ) ; and quality of life ( Euro Quality of life-5 Descriptor , rs = .519 , P < .001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In previouslyindependent individuals , cognitive impairment was common 3months after stroke and related to increasing age , stroke severity , hypertension , atrial fibrillation , and cerebral atrophy on brain scanning .
CONCLUSIONS	Cognition was related to dependency , disability , low mood , and quality of life .
CONCLUSIONS	Hence , treatment directed toward reducing dependency might also reduce cognitive impairment .

###24456998
BACKGROUND	Diabetes , a highly prevalent , chronic disease , is associated with increasing frailty and functional decline in older people , with concomitant personal , social , and public health implications .
BACKGROUND	We describe the rationale and methods of the multi-modal intervention in diabetes in frailty ( MID-Frail ) study .
METHODS	The MID-Frail study is an open , randomised , multicentre study , with random allocation by clusters ( each trial site ) to a usual care group or an intervention group .
METHODS	A total of 1,718 subjects will be randomised with each site enrolling on average 14 or 15 subjects .
METHODS	The primary objective of the study is to evaluate , in comparison with usual clinical practice , the effectiveness of a multi-modal intervention ( specific clinical targets , education , diet , and resistance training exercise ) in frail and pre-frail subjects aged 70years with type 2 diabetes in terms of the difference in function 2 years post-randomisation .
METHODS	Difference in function will be measured by changes in a summary ordinal score on the short physical performance battery ( SPPB ) of at least one point .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes include daily activities , economic evaluation , and quality of life .
CONCLUSIONS	The MID-Frail study will provide evidence on the clinical , functional , social , and economic impact of a multi-modal approach in frail and pre-frail older people with type 2 diabetes .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01654341 .

###25315960
OBJECTIVE	We devised a 1-step posterior reconstruction technique that opposes the median dorsal raphe only to the posterior counterpart of the detrusor apron rather than to Denonvilliers ' fascia .
OBJECTIVE	In a retrospective study we previously found that during robot-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy this new technique could significantly shorten continence recovery time .
OBJECTIVE	We designed a prospective clinical trial to confirm this .
METHODS	We designed a single-blind , parallel group , randomized , controlled trial .
METHODS	A total of 100 men who underwent robot-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy performed by a single surgeon at a referral center were randomly allocated to the intervention group ( 50 ) or the control group ( 50 ) from October 2012 through August 2013 .
METHODS	The intervention group underwent posterior reconstruction with this new technique before vesicourethral anastomosis .
METHODS	All patients in each group were treated with anterior reconstruction .
METHODS	The study primary end point was time to continence recovery , defined as no pad use .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes were time to recovery of social continence , defined as 0 or 1 pad used per day .
RESULTS	One control was excluded from analysis due to open conversion and 4 patients were excluded since they withdrew from participation .
RESULTS	Median time to complete continence recovery did not differ significantly between the intervention and control groups ( 106 and 119 days , respectively , p = 0.890 ) .
RESULTS	However , time to social continence recovery was significantly shorter in the intervention group than in controls ( median 18 vs 30 days , p = 0.024 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	One-step posterior reconstruction did not significantly shorten time to complete continence recovery .
CONCLUSIONS	However , it seemed to have a marginal benefit on early recovery of social continence .

###26142600
OBJECTIVE	To assess ( 1 ) plasma levels of antidiuretic hormone ( ADH ) and brain natriuretic peptide ( BNP ) and urinary levels of electrolytes in children with sleep disordered breathing ( SDB ) , with or without nocturnal enuresis ( NE ) , and ( 2 ) the effect of adenotonsillectomy ( T&A ) on urinary electrolytes and the secretion of ADH and BNP in children with NE and SDB .
OBJECTIVE	We previously reported post-T & A improvements in plasma levels of BNP and ADH in children with SDB and NE .
OBJECTIVE	However , the differences in plasma concentration of these hormones in SDB children with and without NE , and their relationships with urinary electrolytes , have not yet been addressed .
METHODS	This prospective study compared concentrations of urinary electrolytes and plasma ADH and BNP in ( 1 ) children with SDB and NE ( study group ) and an age - and sex-matched control group of children with SDB without NE , and ( 2 ) the study group before and 1-month after T&A .
RESULTS	Compared with the control group ( n = 31 ) , the study group ( n = 37 ) exhibited significantly lower ADH ( P = .04 ) and higher BNP ( P = .009 ) plasma levels .
RESULTS	The differences in urinary electrolytes were not significant .
RESULTS	Post-T & A , the study group showed significantly decreased BNP ( P = .018 ) , urinary sodium-to-creatinine ratio ( P = .02 ) , and urinary calcium-to-creatinine ratio ( P = .007 ) compared with the pre-T & A values .
RESULTS	Post-T & A changes in urinary calcium were significantly correlated with changes in sodium excretion ( P = .002 ) and in plasma levels of BNP ( P < .001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The presence of NE is associated with altered ADH and BNP levels in children with SDB .
CONCLUSIONS	T&A led to normalization of ADH and BNP , probably through a calcium - and sodium-dependent mechanism .

###24811228
OBJECTIVE	We compared intra-procedural neonatal pain , agitation and sedation scale ( N-PASS ) scores between a novel ` continuous arteriovenous exchange ' ( CAVE ) and conventional pull-push ( PP ) techniques of partial exchange transfusion ( PET ) among neonates with polycythemia .
METHODS	Neonates > 32-0/7 weeks gestation , requiring PET for polycythemia , were randomized to PP or CAVE techniques .
METHODS	The procedure was video-recorded and edited to mask the technique .
METHODS	Intra-procedural N-PASS scores assigned by two trained and masked neonatal fellows were compared .
RESULTS	Twenty-two neonates were randomized to CAVE ( n = 12 ) or PP ( n = 10 ) method .
RESULTS	The area under curve for cumulative N-PASS scores was significantly lesser in CAVE group ( mean difference-11 .9 ( 95 % CI = -4.2 , -19.6 ) , P = 0.005 ) ) .
RESULTS	Decrease in hematocrit and complications of PET were comparable .
RESULTS	Time for PET was longer with CAVE technique ( 16 ( 9 , 29 ) min vs 10 ( 6 , 12 ) min , P = 0.016 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	CAVE technique of PET was associated with lesser procedure-related pain ( N-PASS scores ) as compared with PP technique among neonates > 32 weeks gestation .

###24921948
BACKGROUND	Multicomponent school-based interventions have the potential to reduce the age-related decline in adolescents ' physical activity ( PA ) , yet there is not consistent evidence to guide non-curricular and school environment interventions .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a multicomponent environmental school-based intervention , designed to reduce the age-related decline in PA among adolescents .
METHODS	A cluster randomized controlled trial was conducted with 7 intervention and 7 control schools .
METHODS	Baseline measurements were carried out in spring 2010 with 2 years of follow-up .
METHODS	A total of 1,348 students ( 11-13 years , in grade 5 and 6 ) enrolled in the study at baseline .
METHODS	The 14 schools included in the study were located in the Region of Southern Denmark .
METHODS	The intervention consisted of organizational and physical changes in the school environment with a total of 11 intervention components .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure was overall PA ( cpm , counts per minute ) and was supported by analyses of time spent in MVPA , and time spent sedentary .
METHODS	Furthermore , a secondary outcome measure was PA in school time and during recess .
METHODS	PA was measured using accelerometer ( Actigraph GT3X ) .
RESULTS	A total of 797 students completed the trial and had valid accelerometer data .
RESULTS	No significant difference was found for overall PA with an adjusted difference of -19.1 cpm ( 95 % CI : -93 , 53 ) or for school time activity with an adjusted difference of 6 cpm ( 95 % CI : -73 , 85 ) .
RESULTS	A sensitivity analysis revealed a positive significant intervention effect of PA in recess with an adjusted difference of 95 cpm .
CONCLUSIONS	No evidence was found of the overall effect of a non-curricular multicomponent school-based intervention on PA among Danish adolescents .
CONCLUSIONS	The intervention was positively associated with PA during school time and recess , however , with small estimates .
CONCLUSIONS	Lack of effect on overall PA could be due to both program theory and different degrees of implementation .
BACKGROUND	www.Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN79122411 .

###24777164
METHODS	Randomized , controlled clinical trial .
OBJECTIVE	Bladder and bowel management may cause serious autonomic dysreflexia ( AD ) in subjects with high spinal cord injury ( SCI ) .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed at investigating autonomic responses to digital rectal evacuation ( DE ) , transanal irrigation ( TAI ) with 500ml and filling cystometry ( FC ) in SCI .
METHODS	Aarhus University Hospital , Denmark .
METHODS	Eight subjects with SCI ( AIS A ) at or above T6 ( high SCI ) and a previous history of AD were compared with three subjects with SCI ( AIS A ) between T10 and L2 ( low SCI ) .
METHODS	In randomized order , DE , TAI and FC were performed .
METHODS	AD was defined as an acute rise in systolic blood pressure ( sBP ) of 30mmHg above baseline .
METHODS	Blood levels of norepinephrine and epinephrine were determined before and shortly after the procedures .
RESULTS	During all three procedures , AD occurred in all patients with high SCI but not in those with low SCI .
RESULTS	In high SCI subjects , DE increased median sBP from 127 ( range : 86-154 ) to 188 ( range : 140-206 ) mmHg ( P < 0.02 ) , TAI from 126 ( range : 91-146 ) to 163 ( range : 130-188 ) mmHg ( P < 0.02 ) and FC from 125 ( range : 106-149 ) to 200 ( range : 179-220 ) mmHg ( P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	The sBP increase was lower during TAI than during DE ( P < 0.05 ) or FC ( P < 0.02 ) .
RESULTS	In high SCI subjects , the blood levels of norepinephrine , but not those of epinephrine , increased significantly during all three stimuli ( all P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Bowel and bladder management caused AD in high SCI .
CONCLUSIONS	The response is less severe during TAI than during FC or DE .

###24533878
BACKGROUND	In high-resource settings , obstetric ultrasound is a standard component of prenatal care used to identify pregnancy complications and to establish an accurate gestational age in order to improve obstetric care .
BACKGROUND	Whether or not ultrasound use will improve care and ultimately pregnancy outcomes in low-resource settings is unknown .
METHODS	This multi-country cluster randomized trial will assess the impact of antenatal ultrasound screening performed by health care staff on a composite outcome consisting of maternal mortality and maternal near-miss , stillbirth and neonatal mortality in low-resource community settings .
METHODS	The trial will utilize an existing research infrastructure , the Global Network for Women 's and Children 's Health Research with sites in Pakistan , Kenya , Zambia , Democratic Republic of Congo and Guatemala .
METHODS	A maternal and newborn health registry in defined geographic areas which documents all pregnancies and their outcomes to 6 weeks post-delivery will provide population-based rates of maternal mortality and morbidity , stillbirth , neonatal mortality and morbidity , and health care utilization for study clusters .
METHODS	A total of 58 study clusters each with a health center and about 500 births per year will be randomized ( 29 intervention and 29 control ) .
METHODS	The intervention includes training of health workers ( e.g. , nurses , midwives , clinical officers ) to perform ultrasound examinations during antenatal care , generally at 18-22 and at 32-36 weeks for each subject .
METHODS	Women who are identified as having a complication of pregnancy will be referred to a hospital for appropriate care .
METHODS	Finally , the intervention includes community sensitization activities to inform women and their families of the availability of ultrasound at the antenatal care clinic and training in emergency obstetric and neonatal care at referral facilities .
CONCLUSIONS	In summary , our trial will evaluate whether introduction of ultrasound during antenatal care improves pregnancy outcomes in rural , low-resource settings .
CONCLUSIONS	The intervention includes training for ultrasound-nave providers in basic obstetric ultrasonography and then enabling these trainees to use ultrasound to screen for pregnancy complications in primary antenatal care clinics and to refer appropriately .
BACKGROUND	Clinicaltrials.gov ( NCT # 01990625 ) .

###24411809
OBJECTIVE	Substance use and childhood maltreatment experience are linked , but little is known about the association with polydrug use patterns .
METHODS	Latent class analyses ( LCA ) were performed on eight illicit drugs in a random population sample of young Danes separated by sex ( males : n = 1,555 ; females : n = 1,425 ) .
METHODS	Logistic regressions explored associations of polydrug use patterns and childhood maltreatment .
RESULTS	A three-class solution best described patterns of polydrug use in both the male and female samples .
RESULTS	Across all LCA models , Class 1 was characterized by individuals who represented wide-range polydrug users , endorsing many of the drug types ( males = 8 % ; females = 2 % ) .
RESULTS	Class 2 was characterized by amphetamine , cannabis , cocaine , and amyl nitrate users ( males = 18 % ; females = 7 % ) .
RESULTS	Class 3 was characterized by individuals who endorsed either low-level use of cannabis only or no drug use ( males = 74 % ; females = 91 % ) .
RESULTS	For males , having been a child-protection case was associated with Classes 1 and 2 and for females with Class 2 , compared with Class 3 .
RESULTS	Alcohol problems were associated with Classes 1 and 2 for both sexes .
RESULTS	Sexual abuse was associated with Classes 1 and 2 for females but not males , whereas physical abuse was associated with Classes 1 and 2 for males but not females , as compared with Class 3 .
CONCLUSIONS	Separate sex analyses are important ; although patterns of polydrug use are broadly similar , females are less frequently polydrug users .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , different relationships exist for the sexes , such that polydrug use patterns are associated with sexual abuse in females , whereas such patterns are associated with physical abuse in young males .

###24909628
BACKGROUND	Recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein ( rhBMP ) -2 has been used in some craniofacial centers worldwide .
BACKGROUND	However , its influence on nasal morphology is unknown .
BACKGROUND	Thus , the objective of this investigation was to assess the effect of maxillary alveolar reconstruction on nasal position and symmetry in unilateral complete cleft lip patients who underwent traditional iliac crest bone grafting transferring versus reconstruction using rhBMP-2 .
METHODS	Nineteen unilateral complete cleft lip patients were randomly divided into two groups .
METHODS	In group 1 , patients underwent traditional iliac crest bone grafting transferring ( n = 11 ) and in group 2 , patients underwent alveolar reconstruction using collagen matrix with lyophilized rhBMP-2 ( n = 8 ) .
METHODS	Computerized tomography ( CT ) imaging was performed preoperatively and at 6 months postoperatively using a previously standardized protocol .
METHODS	Linear distances using anatomic landmarks were performed using tridimensional CT data reformatted by the OsiriX ( ) software .
METHODS	Quantitative and qualitative measurements to assess intra - and inter-group nasal position modifications were performed .
RESULTS	Intra-group pre - and postoperative comparisons showed significant differences ( p < 0.05 ) in two linear measurements of group 1 , while group 2 did not present a difference ( p > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Group 2 presented significant postoperative enhancement ( p < 0.05 ) in the quantitative nasal symmetry in one measurement .
RESULTS	Qualitative analysis showed postoperative nasal symmetry enhancement in 75 % of the measurements of group 2 and 36 % of group 1 .
RESULTS	There was no statistically significant difference in the inter-group comparisons .
CONCLUSIONS	Our study demonstrated that both groups showed similar effect on nasal symmetry .

###25371578
BACKGROUND	Connective Tissue Massage ( CTM ) or Manipulation is a bodywork technique which lies at the interface between alternative approaches .
BACKGROUND	The autonomic balancing responses to CTM can be useful in the treatment of anxiety .
OBJECTIVE	This study was planned to investigate the effects of connective tissue mobilization ( CTM ) on quality of life and emotional status in healthy subjects .
OBJECTIVE	Design ; Prospective trial , Setting ; Treatment and Population .
OBJECTIVE	The study was conducted on 100 volunteers ( students ) .
OBJECTIVE	Students in second class were in CTM group ( 20,491,37 years ) and students ( 19,501,15 years ) educating in class 1 were in control group .
METHODS	Participants were assessed before and after CTM according to flexibility of trunk flexion , hamstring muscles , trunk hyperextension and lateral flexion .
METHODS	It was used The SF-36 Health-Related Quality of Life Inventory ( SF-36 ) to assess general health status and Beck Depression Scale was used for assessing emotional status .
RESULTS	It was observed a significant increase at lateral flexion to the right of trunk ( p = 0,03 ) in CTM group after application .
RESULTS	It was found a significant difference ( p = 0,009 ) in emotional status between groups .
RESULTS	It was found differences at general health level ( p = 0,001 ) , limitations in emotional role ( p = 0,016 ) in SF-36 .
RESULTS	It was some differences in depression status and some subscales of SF-36 ( general health , social status , emotional well-being , pain and energy levels ) in favour of control group before application .
RESULTS	It was no difference between groups after application .
CONCLUSIONS	CTM could be used for minimizing depressive symptoms , improving quality of life in healthy young subjects .

###24265734
BACKGROUND	Occupational sedentary behaviour is an important contributor to overall sedentary risk .
BACKGROUND	There is limited evidence for effective workplace interventions to reduce occupational sedentary time and increase light activity during work hours .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of the study was to determine if participatory workplace interventions could reduce total sedentary time , sustained sedentary time ( bouts > 30 minutes ) , increase the frequency of breaks in sedentary time and promote light intensity activity and moderate/vigorous activity ( MVPA ) during work hours .
METHODS	A randomised controlled trial ( ANZCTR NUMBER : ACTN12612000743864 ) was conducted using clerical , call centre and data processing workers ( n = 62 , aged 25-59 years ) in 3 large government organisations in Perth , Australia .
METHODS	Three groups developed interventions with a participatory approach : ` Active office ' ( n = 19 ) , ` Active Workstation ' and promotion of incidental office activity ; ` Traditional physical activity ' ( n = 14 ) , pedometer challenge to increase activity between productive work time and ` Office ergonomics ' ( n = 29 ) , computer workstation design and breaking up computer tasks .
METHODS	Accelerometer ( ActiGraph GT3X , 7 days ) determined sedentary time , sustained sedentary time , breaks in sedentary time , light intensity activity and MVPA on work days and during work hours were measured before and following a 12 week intervention period .
RESULTS	For all participants there was a significant reduction in sedentary time on work days ( -1.6 % , p = 0.006 ) and during work hours ( -1.7 % , p = 0.014 ) and a significant increase in number of breaks/sedentary hour on work days ( 0.64 , p = 0.005 ) and during work hours ( 0.72 , p = 0.015 ) ; there was a concurrent significant increase in light activity during work hours ( 1.5 % , p = 0.012 ) and MVPA on work days ( 0.6 % , p = 0.012 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study explored novel ways to modify work practices to reduce occupational sedentary behaviour .
CONCLUSIONS	Participatory workplace interventions can reduce sedentary time , increase the frequency of breaks and improve light activity and MVPA of office workers by using a variety of interventions .
BACKGROUND	Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTN12612000743864 .

###26267984
OBJECTIVE	To study postoperative pain relief in major gynaecological surgery by perioperative parecoxib administration in Thammasat University Hospital .
METHODS	This double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted in Thammasat University Hospital , Pathumthani , Thailand from October 2013 to May 2014 .
METHODS	One hundred and twenty patients who underwent elective gynaecological surgery were randomized assigned to study and control groups .
METHODS	Study group ( n = 60 ) received 40 mg parecoxib and control group ( n = 60 ) received placebo at 1 hour before surgery .
METHODS	The postoperative visual analog scale ( VAS ) at 3 , 6 , 12 and 24 hours , frequency of meperidine consumption in 24 hours and side effects of parecoxib were recorded .
RESULTS	VAS of study group after operation at 3 , 6 , 12 and 24 hours was significantly lower than control group .
RESULTS	Meperidine consumption in placebo group was significantly higher than study group ( 27.50 19.36 and 48.75 28.15 mg , respectively ; p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	There was no side effect from parecoxib in this study .
CONCLUSIONS	Intravenous postoperativeparecoxib injection could relief pain and reduced meperidine consumption .
CONCLUSIONS	Parecoxib could be safely used in gynaecological surgery for postoperative pain relief

###24910161
BACKGROUND	Efficacy of burping in lowering colic and regurgitation episodes in healthy term babies lacks evidence in literature .
METHODS	We conducted a randomized controlled trial to compare efficacy of burping versus no-burping in 71 mother-baby dyads in community setting .
METHODS	Primary outcome was reduction in event rates of colic and regurgitation episodes over 3 months .
RESULTS	Baseline characteristics were similar in two groups .
RESULTS	Difference in incidence rates of colic between the control and burping group was 1.57 episodes/infant/100 weeks [ 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) : -0.63 to 3.76 ] .
RESULTS	There was statistically no significant reduction in colic episodes between burping and non-burping study subjects during 3 months of follow-up ( adjusted relative risk 0.64 ; 95 % CI : 0.22-1 .86 , P-value 0.41 ) .
RESULTS	Incidence rate difference of regurgitation episodes/infant/week between burping and control group was 4.36 ( 95 % CI : 4.04 to 4.69 ) and there was statistically significant increase in burping group ( adjusted relative risk 2.05 ; 95 % CI : 1.92-2 .18 , P-value < 0.0001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Although burping is a rite of passage , our study showed that burping did not significantly lower colic events and there was significant increase in regurgitation episodes in healthy term infants up to 3 months of follow-up .

###25565495
OBJECTIVE	To test a novel social network HIV risk-reduction intervention for MSM in Russia and Hungary , where same-sex behavior is stigmatized and men may best be reached through their social network connections .
METHODS	A two-arm trial with 18 sociocentric networks of MSM randomized to the social network intervention or standard HIV/STD testing/counseling .
METHODS	St. Petersburg , Russia and Budapest , Hungary .
METHODS	Eighteen ` seeds ' from community venues invited the participation of their MSM friends who , in turn , invited their own MSM friends into the study , a process that continued outward until eighteen three-ring sociocentric networks ( mean size = 35 members , n = 626 ) were recruited .
METHODS	Empirically identified network leaders were trained and guided to convey HIV prevention advice to other network members .
METHODS	Changes in sexual behavior from baseline to 3-month and 12-month follow-up , with composite HIV/STD incidence , measured at 12 months to corroborate behavior changes .
RESULTS	There were significant reductions between baseline , first follow-up , and second follow-up in the intervention versus comparison arm for proportion of men engaging in any unprotected anal intercourse ( UAI ) ( P = 0.04 ) ; UAI with a nonmain partner ( P = 0.04 ) ; and UAI with multiple partners ( P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	The mean percentage of unprotected anal intercourse acts significantly declined ( P = 0.001 ) , as well as the mean number of UAI acts among men who initially had multiple partners ( P = 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Biological HIV/STD incidence was 15 % in comparison condition networks and 9 % in intervention condition networks .
CONCLUSIONS	Even where same-sex behavior is stigmatized , it is possible to reach MSM and deliver HIV prevention through their social networks .

###25638438
OBJECTIVE	Children 's nighttime fears are a normal part of child development and are transient for most children , but result in considerable distress for others .
OBJECTIVE	The present study evaluated a 4-week bibliotherapy intervention designed to treat young children with persistent and interfering nighttime fears utilizing a multiple baseline design .
METHODS	Nine children between 5 and 7 years of age with specific phobia diagnoses were randomized into one of three baseline control conditions ( 1 , 2 , or 3 weeks ) .
METHODS	The treatment protocol involved parents reading Uncle Lightfoot , Flip that Switch : Overcoming Fear of the Dark , Academic Version ( Coffman , 2012 ) with their children over 4 weeks while engaging in activities prescribed in the book .
METHODS	Assessments took place at baseline , post treatment , and 1 month following treatment .
METHODS	Daily and weekly tracking of nighttime behaviors was also obtained .
RESULTS	Pre-post group analyses revealed that eight of the nine children demonstrated clinically significant change in anxiety severity .
RESULTS	In addition , decreases in child-reported nighttime fears were observed , as were parent-reported decreases in separation anxiety and increases in the number of nights children slept in their own bed .
CONCLUSIONS	The present study provides initial support for the use of bibliotherapy in the treatment of nighttime fears .
CONCLUSIONS	Further replication and evaluation are needed to determine appropriate length of treatment and long-term effects .
CONCLUSIONS	Implications of the findings are discussed .

###25881589
BACKGROUND	Helicobacter pylori ( H. pylori ) frequently colonizes the stomach .
BACKGROUND	Gastroesophageal reflux disease ( GERD ) is a common and costly disease .
BACKGROUND	But the relationship of H. pylori and GERD is still unclear .
BACKGROUND	This study aimed to explore the effect of H. pylori and its eradication on reflux esophagitis therapy .
METHODS	Patients diagnosed with reflux esophagitis by endoscopy were enrolled ; based on rapid urease test and Warth-Starry stain , they were divided into H. pylori positive and negative groups .
METHODS	H. pylori positive patients were randomly given H. pylori eradication treatment for 10 days , then esomeprazole 20 mg bid for 46 days .
METHODS	The other patients received esomeprazole 20 mg bid therapy for 8 weeks .
METHODS	After treatment , three patient groups were obtained : H. pylori positive eradicated , H. pylori positive uneradicated , and H. pylori negative .
METHODS	Before and after therapy , reflux symptoms were scored and compared .
METHODS	Healing rates were compared among groups .
METHODS	The 2 test and t-test were used , respectively , for enumeration and measurement data .
RESULTS	There were 176 H. pylori positive ( with 92 eradication cases ) and 180 negative cases .
RESULTS	Healing rates in the H. pylori positive eradicated and H. pylori positive uneradicated groups reached 80.4 % and 79.8 % ( P = 0.911 ) , with reflux symptom scores of 0.22 and 0.14 ( P = 0.588 ) .
RESULTS	Healing rates of esophagitis in the H. pylori positive uneradicated and H. pylori negative groups were , respectively , 79.8 % and 82.2 % ( P = 0.848 ) ; reflux symptom scores were 0.14 and 0.21 ( P = 0.546 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Based on esomeprazole therapy , H. pylori infection and eradication have no significant effect on reflux esophagitis therapy .

###24730757
BACKGROUND	Residual walking deficits are common in people after stroke .
BACKGROUND	Treadmill training can increase walking speed and walking distance .
BACKGROUND	A new way to increase the challenge of walking is to walk backwards .
BACKGROUND	Backward treadmill walking may provide advantages by promoting improvement in balance , walking spatiotemporal parameters and quality that may reflect in improving walking distance .
OBJECTIVE	This study will test the hypothesis that backward treadmill walking is superior to forward treadmill walking in improving walking capacity , walking parameters , quality and balance in people with stroke .
METHODS	A prospective , single-blinded , randomized trial will randomly allocate 88 community-dwelling people after stroke into either an experimental or control group .
METHODS	The experimental group will undertake 30-min sessions of backward treadmill walking , three-days/week for six-weeks , while the control group will undertake the same dose of forward treadmill walking .
METHODS	Training will begin at the baseline overground walking speed and will increase each week by 10 % of baseline speed .
RESULTS	The primary outcome will be distance walked in the 6-min Walk Test .
RESULTS	Secondary outcomes will be walking speed , step length , cadence , and one-leg stance time .
RESULTS	Outcomes will be collected by a researcher blinded to group allocation at baseline ( Week 0 ) , at the end of training period ( Week 6 ) , and three-months after the cessation of intervention ( Week 18 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	If backward treadmill walking can improve walking capacity more than forward treadmill training in stroke , it may have broader implications because walking capacity has been shown to predict physical activity level and community participation .

###25329822
BACKGROUND	Despite its widespread use , the beneficial effect of low-dose fentanyl administered at induction of anesthesia on perioperative outcomes has not been studied in the ambulatory setting .
BACKGROUND	Therefore , this study was designed to test the hypothesis that administration of small-dose fentanyl vs. saline during induction reduces coughing and movements without adversely affecting recovery after day-surgery .
METHODS	One hundred consenting outpatients scheduled to undergo superficial surgical procedures under general anesthesia with a laryngeal mask airway ( LMA ) device for airway management were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups : control ( n = 50 ) or fentanyl ( n = 50 ) .
METHODS	After administration of 2 ml of the unlabelled study medication containing either fentanyl ( 100 g ) or saline , anesthesia was induced with lidocaine 30-50 mg and propofol 2 mg/kg IV followed by the insertion of an LMA device .
METHODS	General anesthesia was maintained using a propofol infusion , 75 g/kg/min , and desflurane ( 2-5 % end-tidal ) in 100 % oxygen .
RESULTS	Coughing was observed in six ( 12 % ) and ten ( 20 % ) in the fentanyl and control group , respectively ( P = 0.41 ) .
RESULTS	The incidence of movements during surgery was lower in the fentanyl group ( 18 % vs. 31 % , P < 0001 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in early and late recovery times or pain scores between the two groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Administration of a small-dose of fentanyl at induction of anesthesia significantly reduced purposeful movements during day-surgery under propofol-desflurane anesthesia .
CONCLUSIONS	No significant difference was found in coughing or recovery times .

###24818523
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate phenylalanine plasma profile in preterm newborns fed different human milk diets .
METHODS	Twenty-four very-low weight preterm newborns were distributed randomly in three groups with different feeding types : Group I : banked human milk plus 5 % commercial fortifier with bovine protein , Group II : banked human milk plus evaporated fortifier derived from modified human milk , Group III : banked human milk plus lyophilized fortifier derived from modified human milk .
METHODS	The newborns received the group diet when full diet was attained at 15 2 days .
METHODS	Plasma amino acid analysis was performedon the first and last day of feeding .
METHODS	Comparison among groups was performed by statistical tests : one way ANOVA with Tukey 's post-test using SPSS software , version 20.0 ( IBM Corp , NY , USA ) , considering a significance level of 5 % .
RESULTS	Phenylalanine levels in the first and second analysis were , respectively , in Group I : 11.9 1.22 and 29.72 0.73 ; in Group II : 11.72 1.04 and 13.44 0.61 ; and in Group III : 11.3 1.18 and 15.42 0.83 mol/L .
CONCLUSIONS	The observed results demonstrated that human milk with fortifiers derived from human milk acted as a good substratum for preterm infant feeding both in the evaporated or the lyophilized form , without significant increases in plasma phenylalanine levels in comparison to human milk with commercial fortifier .

###24477043
BACKGROUND	Physical inactivity , inadequate dietary protein , and low-grade systemic inflammation contribute to age-related muscle loss , impaired function , and disability .
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the effects of progressive resistance training ( PRT ) combined with a protein-enriched diet facilitated through lean red meat on lean tissue mass ( LTM ) , muscle size , strength and function , circulating inflammatory markers , blood pressure , and lipids in elderly women .
METHODS	In a 4-mo cluster randomized controlled trial , 100 women aged 60-90 y who were residing in 15 retirement villages were allocated to receive PRT with lean red meat ( 160 g cooked ) to be consumed 6 d/wk [ resistance training plus lean red meat ( RT+M eat ) group ; n = 53 ] or control PRT [ 1 serving pasta or rice/d ; control resistance training ( CRT ) group ; n = 47 ) ] .
METHODS	All women undertook PRT 2 times/wk and received 1000 IU vitamin D3/d .
RESULTS	The mean ( SD ) protein intake was greater in the RT+M eat group than in the CRT group throughout the study ( 1.3 0.3 compared with 1.1 0.3 g kg d , respectively ; P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The RT+M eat group experienced greater gains in total body LTM ( 0.45 kg ; 95 % CI : 0.07 , 0.84 kg ) , leg LTM ( 0.22 kg ; 95 % CI : 0.02 , 0.42 kg ) , and muscle strength ( 18 % ; 95 % CI : 0.03 , 0.34 ) than did the CRT group ( all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The RT+M eat group also experienced a 10 % greater increase in serum insulin-like growth factor I ( P < 0.05 ) and a 16 % greater reduction in the proinflammatory marker interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) ( P < 0.05 ) after 4 mo. .
RESULTS	There were no between-group differences for the change in blood lipids or blood pressure .
CONCLUSIONS	A protein-enriched diet equivalent to 1.3 g kg d achieved through lean red meat is safe and effective for enhancing the effects of PRT on LTM and muscle strength and reducing circulating IL-6 concentrations in elderly women .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at the Australian Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12609000223235 .

###26218723
BACKGROUND	Actinic keratoses ( AKs ) are a common premalignant skin condition .
BACKGROUND	Many treatments are available for AKs .
BACKGROUND	Photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) is one of the most effective treatments .
BACKGROUND	However , major concerns exist on the possibility of PDT-induced DNA-mutagenesis/immunosuppression , leading to AKs recurrence/treatment failure .
BACKGROUND	An extract ( PLE ) from the fern polypodium leucotomos reduces UV-induced immunosuppression and mutagenesis .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the ability of PLE to enhance the efficacy of PDT treatment , reducing AKs recurrence on the scalp .
METHODS	Thirty-four bald patients presenting at least two AKs on the scalp were alternatively assigned to two groups .
METHODS	Both groups underwent two PDT-sessions one-week apart .
METHODS	The first group began oral PLE supplementation one week after the last PDT session .
METHODS	Evaluation of the effect of PLE supplementation was performed by direct inspection of the bald areas , lesions count , and photodynamic diagnosis assessment at 2 and 6 months .
RESULTS	Both groups were homogeneous in terms of skin phototype and previous UV exposure .
RESULTS	Mean age was 75.7 7.8 years and 76.5 5.5 years , respectively .
RESULTS	Both treatment modalities were successful in reducing AKs number ( p < .001 ) .
RESULTS	However , PLE supplementation increased clearance rate compared with PDT alone ( p = .040 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Polypodium leucotomos improves PDT clearance and decreases AK recurrence rate at 6 months , suggesting its use as a complementary agent in the treatment of field cancerization .

###26126062
BACKGROUND	Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a chronic condition that requires ongoing , life-long care in order to be controlled .
OBJECTIVE	The aims of the study were to assess the effect of nursing case management on glycated hemoglobin ( HbA1c ) levels compared to usual care in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus and to determine if effects of nursing case management varied by gender , age , duration of disease , education , and income .
METHODS	This is a pragmatic clinical trial , conducted in the municipality of Bandeirantes , Paran , Brazil , in 2011 and 2012 .
METHODS	Eighty individuals were recruited and randomized equally to receive nursing case management or usual care .
METHODS	Covariates were sociodemographic and clinical factors .
METHODS	The outcome was HbA1c measured at baseline , 6 months , and 12 months .
RESULTS	The sample consisted predominately of women ; most had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus within the previous 5 years .
RESULTS	Mean age was 50.14 ( SD = 7.00 ) , with 5.27 ( SD = 4.39 ) years of schooling and an average HbA1c of 9.90 % ( SD = 2.49 ) .
RESULTS	Hemoglobin A1c was reduced from an average of 10.33 % to 9.0 % ( p < .01 ) in the nursing case management group and from 9.57 % to 8.93 % ( p = .05 ) in the usual care group ; the group by time effect was not significant .
RESULTS	Case management effects varied by younger age ( p = .05 ) , duration of type 2 diabetes less than 5 years ( p = .03 ) , up to 4 years of schooling ( p = .04 ) , and being in the lowest-income stratum ( p = .02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Both groups showed a statistically significant reduction of HbA1c at 6 and 12 months following baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	The difference in proportional reduction of HbA1c between groups was not statistically significant .

###24612448
OBJECTIVE	To establish and evaluate a systematic training programme to be included into the ophthalmologic resident curriculum .
METHODS	Medical students ( n = 20 ) within a year from graduation and with no previous ophthalmic experience were included in this prospective study and randomized into two groups .
METHODS	Group A ( n = 10 ) completed the Eyesi cataract simulator training programme once a week for 4 weeks , while Group B ( n = 10 ) completed it once a week at the first and the last week .
METHODS	Two cataract surgeons were used to determine two different levels of reference scores .
METHODS	Score per analysed module [ two different levels of Capsulorhexis ( A and B ) , Hydromaneuver , Phaco divide and conquer ] , Overall score , Total time , Cornea injury , Capsule rupture and Capsule damage by ultrasound were recorded .
RESULTS	Group A outperformed Group B in several modules , reached a significant higher number of reference scores ( p < 0.01 ) and caused fewer complications with regard to Capsule rupture ( p = 0.01 ) and Capsule damage by ultrasound ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Both Groups A and B improved their performance and also became more time efficient ( p < 0.01 for both groups ) .
RESULTS	Group A showed positive learning curves for Overall score ( p < 0.01 ) , Capsulorhexis A ( p < 0.01 ) , Capsulorhexis B ( p < 0.01 ) and Hydromaneuver ( p = 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	Group B showed a significant improvement for Overall score ( p < 0.01 ) , Hydromaneuver ( p = 0.02 ) and Phaco divide and conquer ( p < 0.01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Repetitive training with a systematic training programme , based on validated modules in the Eyesi simulator , was shown to improve simulated cataract surgery skills .
CONCLUSIONS	Higher level of skills and more reference scores were reached with more training .
CONCLUSIONS	Furthermore , the programme was optimized to be applied into the standard ophthalmological curriculum for cataract surgery training .

###25904494
BACKGROUND	Late recurrence of atrial fibrillation ( AF ) after radiofrequency ablation remains significant .
BACKGROUND	Asymptomatic recurrence poses a difficult clinical problem as it is associated with an equally increased risk of stroke and death compared with symptomatic AF events .
BACKGROUND	Meta-analyses reveal that no single preablation patient characteristic efficiently predicts these AF recurrences .
BACKGROUND	This study aimed to evaluate the prognostic value of premature atrial complex ( PAC ) occurrence with regard to the risk of late AF recurrence after radiofrequency ablation .
RESULTS	The study cohort consisted of 124 patients with 7-day Holter recordings at 6 months post radiofrequency ablation for AF .
RESULTS	No patients had AF recurrence before this time .
RESULTS	Patients were followed-up every 6 months .
RESULTS	Holter-detected PACs were defined as any supraventricular complexes occurring > 30 % earlier than expected .
RESULTS	During a median follow-up of 4.2 years ( first quartile to third quartile [ Q1-Q3 ] = 1.6-4 .5 ) , 32 patients ( 26 % ) had late recurrences of AF at a median of 462 days ( Q1-Q3 = 319-1026 ) post radiofrequency ablation .
RESULTS	The number of PACs per 24 hours was 248 ( Q1-Q3 = 62-1026 ) in patients with and 77 ( Q1-Q3 = 24-448 ) in patients without recurrence of AF ( P = 0.02 ) .
RESULTS	Multivariate analysis of the risk of late AF recurrence found 142 PACs per 24 hours to have a hazard ratio 2.84 ( confidence interval , 1.26-6 .43 ) , P = 0.01 .
CONCLUSIONS	This study showed that occurrence of 142 PACs per day at 6 months after PVI was independently associated with a significantly increased risk of late AF recurrence .
CONCLUSIONS	These results could have important clinical implications for the design of post-PVI follow-up .
BACKGROUND	URL : http://www.anzctr.org.au .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : ACRTN12606000467538 .

###25017268
OBJECTIVE	Distal radius fracture ( DRF ) in postmenopausal women is often the first clinical sign of osteoporosis ( OP ) .
OBJECTIVE	Despite the availability of effective treatments , only a minority of patients who sustain a fragility fracture are tested for OP .
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to examine whether a simple intervention by the hospital staff increases rates of OP workup .
METHODS	We conducted a prospective randomized clinical trial .
METHODS	Ninety nine patients after DRF were randomized to two groups .
METHODS	Both groups were contacted after their fracture and were asked to answer a questionnaire and were informed about the possible relationship between DRF and OP .
METHODS	In the intervention group , patients were sent an explanatory pamphlet and a letter to their primary care physician .
METHODS	An additional survey was conducted to establish whether the intervention improved the number of patients who undergo OP workup .
RESULTS	The intervention increased the proportion of patients who turned to their primary care physician from 22.9 % to 68.6 % , and increased the proportion of patients undergoing OP workup from 14.3 % to 40 % ( p < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Women with DRF who receive an explanation about possible OP implications and are sent explanatory materials are more likely to undergo OP workup .

###24842445
OBJECTIVE	The aims of the study were to clarify the occurrence of disturbance in surgical wound healing ( DSWH ) after surgery of zygomatic complex ( ZC ) fractures and to determine whether perioperatively applied dexamethasone increases the risk for DSWH .
METHODS	Of 64 patients who were included in a single-blind prospective trial , 33 perioperatively received a total dose of 10 mg or 30 mg of dexamethasone .
METHODS	The remaining 31 patients served as controls .
RESULTS	DSWH occurred in 9 patients ( 14.1 % ) .
RESULTS	Occurrence of DSWH was 24.4 % in patients who received dexamethasone and 3.2 % in controls .
RESULTS	The association between DSWH and dexamethasone was significant ( P = .016 ) .
RESULTS	Intraoral approach also was associated with DSWH significantly ( P = .042 ) .
RESULTS	No association emerged between DSWH and age , gender , time span from accident to surgery , or duration of surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	DSWH occurred significantly more frequently in patients who received perioperative dexamethasone .
CONCLUSIONS	Because of increased risk of DSWH , perioperative dexamethasone can not be recommended in open reduction and fixation of ZC fractures .

###24709765
OBJECTIVE	To assess the explanatory power of disease severity and health-related quality of life ( HRQOL ) on absenteeism and presenteeism in a working population suffering from depression and/or anxiety disorders .
METHODS	We used data of a large , multicenter , randomized trial ( n = 644 ) .
METHODS	Pearson chi-squared tests , analysis of variance , and multinomial logistic regression analyses were performed to explore associations of the type of the disorder and HRQOL with different types of productivity losses .
METHODS	Multivariate regression analyses were performed to assess associations with the duration of absenteeism .
RESULTS	The type of the disorder , disease severity , and HRQOL were associated with different types of productivity losses .
RESULTS	Health-related quality of life and age were significantly associated with the duration of absenteeism .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings indicate that HRQOL may significantly explain the type of productivity loss as well as the duration of absenteeism .

###25723140
OBJECTIVE	In resource-limited settings without safe alternatives to breastfeeding , the WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding and antiretroviral ( ARV ) prophylaxis .
OBJECTIVE	Given the high prevalence of anemia among HIV-infected women , mothers and their infants ( through fetal iron accretion ) may be at risk of iron deficiency .
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the effects of maternal micronutrient-fortified lipid-based nutrient supplements ( LNS ) and maternal ARV treatment or infant ARV prophylaxis on maternal and infant iron status during exclusive breastfeeding from birth to 24 weeks .
METHODS	The Breastfeeding , Antiretrovirals , and Nutrition study was a randomized controlled trial conducted in Lilongwe , Malawi , from 2004 to 2010 .
METHODS	HIV-infected mothers ( CD4 > 200 cells/L ) and their infants were randomly assigned to 28-week interventions : maternal LNS/maternal ARV ( n = 424 ) , maternal LNS/infant ARV ( n = 426 ) , maternal LNS ( n = 334 ) , maternal ARV ( n = 425 ) , infant ARV ( n = 426 ) , or control ( n = 334 ) .
METHODS	Longitudinal models tested intervention effects on hemoglobin ( Hb ) .
METHODS	In a subsample ( n = 537 ) with multiple iron indicators , intervention effects on Hb , transferrin receptors ( TfR ) , and ferritin were tested with linear and Poisson regression .
RESULTS	In longitudinal models , LNS effects on maternal and infant Hb were minimal .
RESULTS	In subsample mothers , maternal ARVs were associated with tissue iron depletion ( TfR > 8.3 mg/L ) ( risk ratio : 3.1 , P < 0.01 ) , but not in ARV-treated mothers receiving LNS ( P = 0.17 ) .
RESULTS	LNS without ARVs was not associated with iron deficiency or anemia ( P > 0.1 ) .
RESULTS	In subsample infants , interventions were not associated with impaired iron status ( all P > 0.1 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Maternal ARV treatment with protease inhibitors is associated with maternal tissue iron depletion ; but LNS mitigates adverse effects .
CONCLUSIONS	ARVs do not seem to influence infant iron status ; however , extended use needs to be evaluated .

###25837193
OBJECTIVE	This study examined the sparing effect of sufentanil on the median effective concentration ( EC ) of epidural ropivacaine in elderly patients undergoing elective transurethral resection of prostate ( TURP ) .
METHODS	This was a prospective randomized double-blind dose-response study .
METHODS	Fifty eight elderly patients with American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status I-II who were scheduled for TURP surgery under epidural anesthesia were randomly allocated to a group receiving 15 mL of ropivacaine ( group R ) or a group receiving ropivacaine plus 5 g of sufentanil ( group RS ) .
METHODS	The concentration of ropivacaine was determined by a Dixon 's up-and-down sequential allocation .
METHODS	The first participant received 0.3 % of ropivacaine in both groups and subsequent concentrations were determined by the response of the previous patient in the same group .
METHODS	The EC of epidural ropivacaine was analyzed using the Dixon and Massey method .
RESULTS	The EC of ropivacaine during TURP surgery was 0.186 % ( 95 % confidence interval , 0.173-0 .200 % ) in group R , and 0.136 % ( 95 % confidence interval , 0.127-0 .144 % ) in group RS ( p < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	No differences in Bromage scale of motor block examination and the onset time of sensory block were observed .
CONCLUSIONS	Administration of 5 g of epidural sufentanil caused a 37 % reduction in the EC of epidural ropivacaine in elderly patients who underwent TURP surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , sufentanil addition during surgery of TURP can decrease the dose of ropivacaine anesthesia required .

###24475766
BACKGROUND	The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence in the UK has recommended that the effectiveness of ongoing exercise referral schemes to promote physical activity should be examined in research trials .
BACKGROUND	Recent empirical evidence in health care and physical activity promotion contexts provides a foundation for testing the feasibility and impact of a Self Determination Theory-based ( SDT ) exercise referral consultation .
METHODS	An exploratory cluster randomised controlled trial comparing standard provision exercise referral with an exercise referral intervention grounded in Self Determination Theory .
METHODS	Individuals ( N = 347 ) referred to an exercise referral scheme were recruited into the trial from 13 centres.Outcomes and processes of change measured at baseline , 3 and 6-months : Minutes of self-reported moderate or vigorous physical activity ( PA ) per week ( primary outcome ) , health status , positive and negative indicators of emotional well-being , anxiety , depression , quality of life ( QOL ) , vitality , and perceptions of autonomy support from the advisor , need satisfaction ( 3 and 6 months only ) , intentions to be active , and motivational regulations for exercise.Blood pressure and weight were assessed at baseline and 6 months .
RESULTS	Perceptions of the autonomy support provided by the health and fitness advisor ( HFA ) did not differ by arm .
RESULTS	Between group changes over the 6-months revealed significant differences for reported anxiety only .
RESULTS	Within arm contrasts revealed significant improvements in anxiety and most of the Dartmouth CO-OP domains in the SDT arm at 6 months , which were not seen in the standard exercise referral group .
RESULTS	A process model depicting hypothesized relationships between advisor autonomy support , need satisfaction and more autonomous motivation , enhanced well being and PA engagement at follow up was supported .
CONCLUSIONS	Significant gains in physical activity and improvements in quality of life and well-being outcomes emerged in both the standard provision exercise referral and the SDT-based intervention at programme end .
CONCLUSIONS	At 6-months , observed between arm and within intervention arm differences for indicators of emotional health , and the results of the process model , were in line with SDT .
CONCLUSIONS	The challenges in optimising recruitment and implementation of SDT-based training in the context of health and leisure services are discussed .
BACKGROUND	The trial is registered as Current Controlled trials ISRCTN07682833 .

###25043067
BACKGROUND	Drug-eluting stents ( DES ) with durable polymer have significantly reduced restenosis and target vessel revascularization compared with bare metal stents .
BACKGROUND	Durable polymer has been linked with persistent inflammation of vessel wall and delayed endothelial healing that may increase the risk of late and very late stent thrombosis .
BACKGROUND	This study sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of HELIOS completed biodegradable polymer sirolimus-eluting stent ( SES ) in de novo coronary lesions .
METHODS	Totally , 287 patients with one or two de novo coronary lesions ( lesion length 38 mm and reference vessel diameter 2.5-4 .0 mm ) were enrolled in the HOPE study , a prospective , multicenter , randomized , non-inferiority trial .
METHODS	Patients were randomized to treatment either with HELIOS completed biodegradable polymer SES ( n = 142 ) or PARTNER durable polymer SES ( n = 145 ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was angiographic in-stent late lumen loss ( LLL ) at 9-month follow-up .
METHODS	The secondary endpoint included stent thrombosis and major adverse cardiac events including cardiac death , myocardial infarction ( MI ) and target lesion revascularization ( TLR ) .
RESULTS	The 9-month in-stent LLL in the HELIOS group was similar to the PARTNER group , ( 0.16 0.22 ) mm vs. ( 0.19 0.30 ) mm ( P = 0.28 ) .
RESULTS	The difference and 95 % confidence interval were -0.03 ( -0.09 , 0.04 ) , and the P value for non-inferiority < 0.01 .
RESULTS	Major adverse cardiovascular event ( MACE ) occurred in 7.9 % vs. 8.2 % , MI in 2.4 % vs. 3.0 % , TLR in 5.5 % vs. 3.0 % , and stent thrombosis in 0 vs. 1.5 % ; and events were comparable between the HELIOS group and PARTNER group at three-year follow-up ( all P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The three-year cardiac death was lower in the HELIOS group , but with no significant difference , 0 vs. 3.0 % ( P = 0.12 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In the HOPE trial , the novel completed biodegradable polymer SES HELIOS was non-inferior to the durable polymer SES PARTNER with respect to nine-month in-stent LLL in de novo coronary lesions .
CONCLUSIONS	The incidence of other clinical endpoints was low for both of the stents in three-year follow-up .

###25043862
OBJECTIVE	Postoperative atrial fibrillation ( POAF ) is the most frequent complication arising after cardiac surgery , occurring in 30 % of cases .
OBJECTIVE	Amiodarone is the most effective drug for prophylaxis and treatment .
OBJECTIVE	However , because of significant extracardiac side effects , only high-risk patients are eligible for prophylactic amiodarone therapy .
OBJECTIVE	We performed a randomized prospective study of 100 patients undergoing cardiac surgery with epicardial application of amiodarone-releasing hydrogel to determine the effectiveness of preventing POAF .
METHODS	After institutional review board approval , 100 patients , from January 2012 to July 2013 , who had undergone cardiac surgery , were randomized to 2 equal groups .
METHODS	The study group received poly-based hydrogel with amiodarone sprayed diffusely over the epicardium .
METHODS	The control group underwent the procedure without the spray .
METHODS	Continuous telemetry monitored for POAF , and amiodarone levels in the atria , plasma , and tissue were measured postoperatively .
METHODS	Daily electrocardiographic parameters were measured until postoperative day 14 .
RESULTS	The incidence of POAF was significantly less in the study group , with 4 of 50 patients ( 8 % ) incurring atrial fibrillation compared with 13 of 50 patients ( 26 % ) in the control group ( P < .01 ) .
RESULTS	The mean amiodarone concentrations in the atria ( 12.06 3.1 ) were significantly greater than those in the extracardiac tissues ( 1.32 0.9 ; P < .01 ) .
RESULTS	The plasma amiodarone levels remained below the detection limit ( < 8 g/mL ) during the 14 days of follow-up .
RESULTS	Bradycardia was observed less in the study group ( 76 29 ) than in the control group ( 93 18 ; P < .01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Epicardial application of amiodarone-releasing adhesive hydrogel is a less invasive , well-tolerated , quick , and effective therapeutic option for preventing POAF at minimal risk of extracardiac adverse side effects .

###24502414
BACKGROUND	Many patients with cervical disc disease require leave from work , due to long-lasting , complex symptoms , including chronic pain and reduced levels of physical and psychological function .
BACKGROUND	Surgery on a few segmental levels might be expected to resolve disc-specific pain and reduce neurological deficits , but not the non-specific neck pain and the frequent illness .
BACKGROUND	No study has investigated whether post-surgery physiotherapy might improve the outcome of surgery .
BACKGROUND	The main purpose of this study was to evaluate whether a well-structured rehabilitation programme might add benefit to the customary post-surgical treatment for cervical disc disease , with respect to function , disability , work capability , and cost effectiveness .
METHODS	This study was designed as a prospective , randomised , controlled , multi-centre study .
METHODS	An independent , blinded investigator will compare two alternatives of rehabilitation .
METHODS	We will include 200 patients of working age , with cervical disc disease confirmed by clinical findings and symptoms of cervical nerve root compression .
METHODS	After providing informed consent , study participants will be randomised to one of two alternative physiotherapy regimes ; ( A ) customary treatment ( information and advice on a specialist clinic ) ; or ( B ) customary treatment plus active physiotherapy .
METHODS	Physiotherapy will follow a standardised , structured programme of neck-specific exercises combined with a behavioural approach .
METHODS	All patients will be evaluated both clinically and subjectively ( with questionnaires ) before surgery and at 6 weeks , 3 months , 6 months , 12 months , and 24 months after surgery .
METHODS	The main outcome variable will be neck-specific disability .
METHODS	Cost-effectiveness will also be calculated .
CONCLUSIONS	We anticipate that the results of this study will provide evidence to support physiotherapeutic rehabilitation applied after surgery for cervical radiculopathy due to cervical disc disease .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01547611 .

###25234181
BACKGROUND	The influence of size on the effectiveness of nasobiliary catheters has not yet been studied .
BACKGROUND	We compared biliary drainage effectiveness and procedure-related discomfort and adverse events in 5 French ( Fr ) and 7 Fr nasobiliary catheters .
METHODS	We prospectively studied 100 patients undergoing endoscopic biliary drainage for obstructive jaundice , who were randomly allocated to a 5 Fr or 7 Fr nasobiliary catheter group .
METHODS	As the primary endpoint , the effectiveness was evaluated by the serum total bilirubin decreasing rate and the success rate of jaundice relief .
METHODS	As the secondary endpoint , the degree of discomfort was investigated using a questionnaire survey after catheter removal .
RESULTS	The bilirubin decrease rate was significantly higher in the 7 Fr catheter group than in the 5 Fr group ( 53.0 21.4 % vs 40.5 29.9 % , respectively ; P = 0.019 ) .
RESULTS	The success rate of jaundice relief tended to be higher in the 7 Fr catheter group , although the difference was not statistically significant ( 98 % vs 88 % , respectively ; P = 0.056 ) .
RESULTS	The questionnaire survey demonstrated that total discomfort was significantly greater in the 7 Fr group ( 3.9 1.5 vs 3.2 1.4 , respectively ; P = 0.018 ) .
RESULTS	Larger-diameter catheters tended to increase difficulty in eating , although the difference between the groups was not statistically significant .
CONCLUSIONS	7 Fr nasobiliary catheters are recommended for patients requiring rapid and reliable relief of obstructive jaundice .
CONCLUSIONS	However , because they can cause greater discomfort , 5 Fr nasobiliary catheters are preferred in other settings .
BACKGROUND	On July 1 , 2012 ; UMIN000008288 ( Japan Primary Registries Network ) .

###25994853
BACKGROUND	The recommended dose of erlotinib is 150mg daily either 1h before a meal ( complete fasting ) or 2h after a meal ( 2h post-meal ) , because of the food effect .
METHODS	We conducted a cross-over pharmacokinetic study to compare the fed bioequivalence in the two conditions .
RESULTS	Twenty-three patients with non-small cell lung cancer were included in the analysis .
RESULTS	AUC0-24 and C max in the 2-h post-meal status were significantly higher than in the complete fasting status ( GMR = 1.33 , P < 0.001 ; GMR = 1.44 , P < 0.001 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	However , because the concentration of erlotinib did not reach the steady state within 7days in the complete fasting state , we conducted analyses only on day 14 , which showed no significant difference in AUC0-24 or C max between the two conditions .
RESULTS	The more rapid increase in AUC0-24 and C min did not produce any earlier and more severe toxic events .
CONCLUSIONS	The AUC0-24 increased significantly faster ( 48-53 % greater ) in the 2-h post-meal status than in complete fasting status , which suggested that the two gastric emptying states might differ in their absorption .
CONCLUSIONS	However , there was no clinically significant difference in bioavailability or toxicity between the two clinically used fed conditions at least in 14days .

###25262475
OBJECTIVE	Percutaneous tunneling ( hydrodissection ) in the neck and anterior chest in patients undergoing robotic thyroidectomy leads to significant hemodynamic responses such as increases in blood pressure and heart rate .
OBJECTIVE	We evaluated whether a single preoperative dexmedetomidine injection attenuated hemodynamic responses to hydrodissection by reducing the half-maximal effective concentration ( EC50 ) of remifentanil needed to maintain hemodynamic stability during hydrodissection .
METHODS	Forty-one patients undergoing robot-assisted endoscopic thyroidectomy were randomly allocated to one of the two groups-group D ( n = 22 ) and group C ( n = 19 ) patients received dexmedetomidine 1g/kg and normal saline for 10min before anesthetic induction , respectively .
METHODS	The EC50 of remifentanil for hemodynamic stability during hydrodissection was determined using Dixon 's up-and-down method with initial dose ( 4and 5ng/mL in groups D and C , respectively ) .
METHODS	The concentration of remifentanil for consecutive patients in each group was determined by the response of the previous patient , using increments or decrements of 0.5 ng/mL .
METHODS	Hemodynamic stability during hydrodissection was defined as increased systolic blood pressure < 20 % of baseline .
RESULTS	The EC50 of remifentanil for maintaining hemodynamic stability during hydrodissection was 0.8 ng/mL in group D and 7.3 ng/mL in group C ( p = 0.002 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	A single preoperative dexmedetomidine injection attenuated hydrodissection-induced hemodynamic responses in patients undergoing robotic thyroidectomy .

###24590752
OBJECTIVE	Prenatal lipid-based nutrient supplements ( LNS ) have been shown to improve birth anthropometry .
OBJECTIVE	However , little is known about the effects of such supplements on infant health .
OBJECTIVE	We hypothesized that prenatal LNS compared with multiple micronutrient supplement for pregnant and lactating women would improve survival , growth , and morbidity during infancy .
METHODS	Infants ' weight , length , head , chest , and mid-upper arm circumferences were measured during monthly home visits from birth to 12 months of age in the Micronutriments et Sant de la Mre et de l'Enfant -- 2 trial .
METHODS	Differences in stunting and wasting episodes between study arms were assessed by Cox regression for recurrent event models .
METHODS	Morbidity signs during the 2 weeks before the visits and death cases were also assessed by multilevel analysis accounting for repeated individual measurements .
RESULTS	Infant length-for-age growth ( -0.033 z score/month ; 95 % confidence interval : -0.601 to -0.006 ; P = .018 ) for the LNS group was inferior to that of the control group .
RESULTS	We did not find evidence of significant difference in mortality or morbidity between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	The previously reported positive effect of prenatal LNS on birth length was not sustained during the postnatal phase .
CONCLUSIONS	Prenatal LNS does not appear to make a long-lasting difference in child linear growth .

###24527596
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effect of pulsed electromagnetic fields ( PEMFs ) on balance ability of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis .
METHODS	43 eligible patients were randomly divided into experimental ( n = 24 ) and control ( n = 19 ) groups .
METHODS	Patients in both groups received conventional drug therapy .
METHODS	Meanwhile , patients in the experimental group were given PEMFs once a day for 30 days .
RESULTS	The Berg Balance Scale ( BBS ) scores increased and the timed upand to test ( TUG ) scores , sway index ( forward-backward ) , rectangle area and sway path decreased in the patients in the experimental group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	In the patients in the control group , only changes in BBS scores and sway path were statistically significant ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The decrease of sway index ( forward-backward ) in the experimental group was greater than that of the control group ( P < 0 01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	PEMFs can improve the balance ability of patients with post-menopausal osteoporosis .

###25319879
BACKGROUND	The prognostic impact of improvement in health-related quality of life ( QoL ) and its relation to response in cardiac resynchronization therapy ( CRT ) recipients remains unknown .
OBJECTIVE	To assess the correspondence between response to CRT and improvements in QoL and to verify if a change in QoL after pacing influences outcome in CRT patients .
METHODS	Ninety-seven participants of the Triple-Site Versus Standard Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy Trial ( TRUST CRT ) randomized trial , in New York Heart Association class III-IV , QRS width 120 ms , left ventricular ejection fraction 35 % , and significant mechanical dyssynchrony were included .
METHODS	Subjects filled out the Minnesota-QoL questionnaire prior to and 6 months after CRT with defibrillator ( CRT-D ) implantation .
METHODS	Data on major adverse cardiac events ( MACEs : death , heart failure hospitalization , heart transplant ) collected within the next 2.5 years and adjudicated blindly constituted the censoring variables .
RESULTS	Within the first 6 months of resynchronization QoL improved in 81 % , while worsening in 19 % of patients .
RESULTS	Clinical response , but not the echocardiographic one , was associated with improved QoL .
RESULTS	During subsequent 2.5 years MACEs occurred in 37 % of patients ( 23 % died ) .
RESULTS	Subjects without QoL improvement were significantly ( both P < 0.05 ) more prone to experience MACE ( 61 % vs 32 % ) and die ( 44 % vs 18 % ) within the follow-up .
RESULTS	Unimproved QoL increased the probability of future MACE by 2.7 times ( 95 % confidence intervals [ CI ] : 1.26-5 .83 ; P = 0.01 ) and death by 3.2 times ( 95 % CI : 1.23-8 .32 ; P = 0.02 ) independently from clinical and echocardiographic response .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinical response , but not the echocardiographic one , was associated with improved QoL in CRT recipients .
CONCLUSIONS	These preliminary data suggest that lack of improvement in QoL after CRT was associated with a strongly unfavorable prognosis , regardless of functional or echocardiographic response .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results merit further studies with a larger number of patients .

###25427330
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the effect of resin-modified , glass-ionomer cement lining on the quality of posterior resin composite restorations , bonded with a two-step , total-etch or self-etching adhesive , at 1year .
METHODS	Patients with 1-4 moderate-to-deep , primary occlusal caries in molars were informed and recruited .
METHODS	A total of 110 composite restorations were placed in 75 participants , with one of four restorative procedures : ( a ) bonded with a total-etch adhesive ( Single Bond 2 ) ; ( b ) lined with glass-ionomer cement ( Fuji Lining LC ) , and then bonded with total-etch adhesive ; ( c ) bonded with a self-etching adhesive ( Clearfil SE Bond ) ; and ( d ) lined with glass-ionomer cement , and then bonded with self-etching adhesive .
RESULTS	At 1year , 57 patients ( 86 restorations ) attended the recall .
RESULTS	Each of the restorations was evaluated and scored from 1 ( clinically excellent ) to 5 ( clinically poor ) using the following criteria : ( a ) patient satisfaction ; ( b ) fracture and retention ; ( c ) marginal adaptation ; ( d ) recurrent caries ; and ( e ) post-operative sensitivity .
RESULTS	At 1year , the qualities of the restorations were not significantly affected by the placement of glass-ionomer cement lining , regardless of the adhesive used ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Most of the restorations were scored 1 for all criteria .
CONCLUSIONS	The benefit of placing a glass-ionomer cement liner in resin composite restoration is questionable .

###24901876
METHODS	This was a prospective study of patients who underwent vertebroplasty ( VP ) at a single institute .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to assess and compare the clinical outcomes and complications of unilateral and bilateral VP in treating severe vertebral compression fractures .
BACKGROUND	Typically , VP involves cement injection by bilateral transpedicular or extrapedicular approach .
BACKGROUND	Recently , several articles reported that unilateral VP can achieve comparable outcomes in most cases .
BACKGROUND	However , few prospective randomized studies compared the clinical outcomes and complications in treating severe vertebral compression fractures .
METHODS	Thirty-nine patients with 44 severe osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures ( OVCFs ) were randomly allocated into 2 groups adopting unilateral or bilateral VP .
METHODS	Preoperative and postoperative pain scores , back disability , and cement leakage were recorded and compared .
RESULTS	Significant improvement on the visual analog scale and Oswestry disability index scores were noted in each group , and there were no significant differences between the 2 groups .
RESULTS	Cement leakage was seen more in bilateral VP .
CONCLUSIONS	Severe OVCFs should be candidates for VP .
CONCLUSIONS	The unilateral VP can get the same clinical results with fewer complications compared with the bilateral VP .

###25443996
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the impact of a 12-week exercise programme in addition to usual care for post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
METHODS	An assessor-blinded randomized controlled trial was conducted among 81 participants with a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of primary PTSD .
METHODS	Participants were recruited after admission to an in-patient programme at a private hospital .
METHODS	Participants were randomized to receive either usual care ( n = 42 ) , or exercise in addition to usual care ( n = 39 ) .
METHODS	The exercise intervention involved three , 30-min resistance-training sessions/week and a pedometer-based walking programme .
METHODS	Usual care involved psychotherapy , pharmaceutical interventions , and group therapy .
METHODS	Primary outcome was PTSD symptoms assessed via the PTSD checklist-civilian version ( PCL-C ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included symptoms of depression , anthropometry , physical activity , mobility , strength , and sleep quality .
RESULTS	Participants had a mean ( SD ) age of 47.8 years ( 12.1 ) , 84 % male .
RESULTS	PTSD symptoms in the intervention group significantly reduced compared with the usual care group ( mean difference = -5.4 , 95 % CI -10.5 to -0.3 , P = 0.04 , n = 58 ) .
RESULTS	There were significant between-group differences at follow-up for depressive symptoms , waist circumference , sleep quality , and sedentary time .
CONCLUSIONS	This study provides the first evidence that an exercise intervention is associated with reduced PTSD and depressive symptoms , reduced waist circumference , and improved sleep quality .

###24708300
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy and safety of retroperitoneal laparoscopic pyelolithotomy ( RLP ) versus percutaneous nephrolithotomy ( PCNL ) for large renal pelvic calculi using a randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Patients with large renal pelvic calculi were prospectively randomized using matched-pair analysis ( 1:1 scenario ) into either the RLP group or the PCNL group .
METHODS	The patients in each group underwent the procedure accordingly .
METHODS	Treatment efficacy , safety , and complications were evaluated after surgery .
RESULTS	Finally , 178 eligible patients were included and the demographics and mean stone size of two groups were similar .
RESULTS	We found no significant differences in the mean postoperative hospital stay ( 4.52.3 vs. 4.31.3 days ) , rate of blood transfusion ( 0 % vs. 1.1 % ) , conversion rate ( 0 % vs. 3.4 % ) , and rate of total postoperative complication ( p > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The procedural duration and mean drop in hemoglobin levels were significantly lower in the RLP group as compared with the PCNL group ( 90.8733.4 vs. 116.844.4 minutes , p < 0.001 ; 0.90.5 vs. 1.71.3 g/dL , p < 0.001 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Significant differences were also observed in the stone-free rate ( 98 % vs. 90 % , p = 0.03 ) and postoperative fever rate ( 3.4 % vs. 13.5 % , p = 0.02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Current evidence suggests that PCNL and RLP are both effective and safe for the treatment of large renal pelvic calculi .
CONCLUSIONS	Our study shows that , compared with the PCNL approach , RLP for large renal pelvic stone resulted in shorter operative time , less bleeding , less postoperative fever , and a higher stone-free rate .
CONCLUSIONS	Data from larger , multicenter randomized controlled trials of high quality are needed to further confirm our findings .

###25304838
BACKGROUND	Postoperative catheter-related bladder discomfort ( CRBD ) can be a distressing complication for patients in whom a urinary catheter was inserted during an operation .
BACKGROUND	Our randomized , dual-center , clinical trial investigated the effects of butylscopolamine on the prevention of postoperative CRBD in patients undergoing various operations .
METHODS	Adult male patients undergoing elective operations requiring intraoperative urinary catheterization under general anesthesia were enrolled .
METHODS	They were assigned randomly to 2 groups : The butylscopolamine group ( n = 49 ) received 20 mg of butylscopolamine intravenously immediately before the end of the operation ; no medication was given for prevention of CRBD in the control group ( n = 50 ) .
METHODS	The presence and severity of CRBD were assessed at 1 , 2 , and 6 hours postoperatively .
METHODS	Adverse effects of butylscopolamine were also examined .
RESULTS	The overall incidence of CRBD was less in the butylscopolamine group than in the control group ( 31 % vs 66 % , respectively ; P = .001 ) .
RESULTS	The incidence of CRBD at 1 , 2 , and 6 hours postoperatively was also less in the butylscopolamine group ( P = .006 , .04 , and .048 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	In addition , the average severity of CRBD for 6 hours postoperatively was significantly less in the butylscopolamine group than in the control group ( median , 0 [ interquartile range , 0-17 ] vs 22 [ interquartile range , 0-47 ] , respectively ; P = .002 ) .
RESULTS	Adverse effects were comparable between the 2 groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Intravenous administration of butylscopolamine at the end of an operation decreases effectively the incidence and severity of early postoperative CRBD without adverse effects .

###24290734
BACKGROUND	Preclinical studies comparing paclitaxel formulated with polyethoxylated castor oil with the sonicated formulation of liposome-entrapped paclitaxel ( LEP ) have demonstrated that LEP was associated with reduced toxicity while maintaining similar efficacy .
BACKGROUND	Preliminary studies on the pharmacokinetics in patients support earlier preclinical data , which suggested that the LEP Easy-to-Use ( LEP-ETU ) formulation and paclitaxel formulated with castor oil may have comparable pharmacokinetic properties .
OBJECTIVE	Our objectives were : ( 1 ) to determine bioequivalence of paclitaxel pharmaceutically formulated as LEP-ETU ( test ) and paclitaxel formulated with castor oil ( reference ) ; and ( 2 ) to assess the tolerability of LEP-ETU following intravenous administration .
METHODS	Patients with advanced cancer were studied in a randomized , 2-period crossover bioequivalence study .
METHODS	Patients received paclitaxel 175 mg/m ( 2 ) administered as an intravenous infusion over 180 minutes , either as a single-treatment cycle of the test formulation followed by a single-treatment cycle of the reference formulation , or vice versa .
RESULTS	Thirty-two of 58 patients were evaluable and were included in the analysis for bioequivalence .
RESULTS	Mean total paclitaxel Cmax values for the test and reference formulations were 4955.0 and 5108.8 ng/mL , respectively .
RESULTS	Corresponding AUC0 - values were 15,853.8 and 18,550.8 ngh/mL , respectively .
RESULTS	Treatment ratios of the geometric means were 97 % ( 90 % CI , 91 % -103 % ) for Cmax and 84 % ( 90 % CI , 80 % -90 % ) for AUC0 - .
RESULTS	These results met the required 80 % to 125 % bioequivalence criteria .
RESULTS	The most frequently reported adverse events after LEP-ETU administration were fatigue , alopecia , and myalgia .
CONCLUSIONS	At the studied dose regimen , LEP-ETU showed bioequivalence with paclitaxel formulated with polyethoxylated castor oil .

###24839206
OBJECTIVE	To assess the efficacy and safety of rilonacept , an interleukin-1 inhibitor , in a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial .
METHODS	An initial 4-week double-blind placebo phase was incorporated into a 24-week randomized multicenter design , followed by an open-label phase .
METHODS	Seventy-one children who had active arthritis in 2 joints were randomized ( 1:1 ) to the 2 arms of the study .
METHODS	Patients in the rilonacept arm received rilonacept ( loading dose 4.4 mg/kg followed by 2.2 mg/kg weekly , subcutaneously ) beginning on day 0 .
METHODS	Patients in the placebo arm received placebo for 4 weeks followed by a loading dose of rilonacept at week 4 followed by weekly maintenance doses .
METHODS	The primary end point was time to response , using the adapted American College of Rheumatology Pediatric 30 criteria coupled with the absence of fever and taper of the dosage of systemic corticosteroids , using prespecified criteria .
RESULTS	The time to response was shorter in the rilonacept arm than in the placebo arm ( ( 2 ) = 7.235 , P = 0.007 ) .
RESULTS	The secondary analysis , which used the same response criteria , showed that 20 ( 57 % ) of 35 patients in the rilonacept arm had a response at week 4 compared with 9 ( 27 % ) of 33 patients in the placebo arm ( P = 0.016 ) .
RESULTS	Exacerbation of systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( JIA ) was the most common severe adverse event .
RESULTS	More patients in the rilonacept arm had elevated liver transaminase levels ( including levels more than 3 times the upper limit of normal ) compared with those in the placebo arm .
RESULTS	Adverse events were similar in the 2 arms of the study .
CONCLUSIONS	Rilonacept was generally well tolerated and demonstrated efficacy in active systemic JIA .

###25687152
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effectiveness of a multilevel and multimodal school-based education program .
METHODS	A cluster randomized controlled trial with 14 secondary schools in Hong Kong and a total of 3713 students ( intervention : 1545 vs control : 2168 ; 40.2 % boys ; mean age SD : 14.72 1.53 years ) were included in the final analysis .
METHODS	The intervention included a town hall seminar , small class workshops , a slogan competition , a brochure , and an educational Web site .
METHODS	Their parents and teachers were offered sleep education seminars .
METHODS	The control schools did not receive any sleep program .
METHODS	Data were collected before and 5 weeks after the intervention .
RESULTS	The students in the intervention group had significantly improved sleep knowledge compared with the control group ( mean difference : 3.64 [ 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) : 3.21 to 4.07 ] ; Cohen 's d = 0.51 ) as measured by using a sleep knowledge questionnaire .
RESULTS	Weekday sleep duration was reduced in both groups , and the significant difference in weekday sleep duration was lost in the intention-to-treat analysis ( mean difference : 0:01 [ 95 % CI : -0:00 to 0:04 ] ) .
RESULTS	In addition , the intervention group had a lower incidence of consuming caffeine-containing energy drinks ( adjusted odds ratio : 0.46 [ 95 % CI : 0.22 to 0.99 ] ) and had better behavioral ( mean difference : -0.56 [ 95 % CI : -1.02 to -0.10 ] ; Cohen 's d = 0.13 ) and mental health ( mean difference : -0.30 [ 95 % CI : -0.15 to -0.46 ] ; Cohen 's d = 0.11 ) outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	A school-based sleep education program was effective in enhancing sleep knowledge and improving behavioral and mental health , but it had no significant impact on sleep duration or pattern among adolescents .

###24884497
BACKGROUND	Anaemia is a common health problem among pregnant women and a contributing factor with a major influence on maternal mortality in Indonesia .
BACKGROUND	The Four Pillars Approach is a new approach to anaemia in pregnancy , combining four strategies to improve antenatal and delivery care .
BACKGROUND	The primary objective of this study is to measure the effectiveness of the Four Pillars Approach .
BACKGROUND	The barriers , the facilitators , and the patients ' as well as the midwives ' satisfaction with the Four Pillars Approach will also be measured .
METHODS	This study will use a cluster randomised controlled trial .
METHODS	This intervention study will be conducted in the Public Health Centres with basic emergency obstetric care in Yogyakarta Special Province and in Central Java Province .
METHODS	We will involve all the Public Health Centres ( 24 ) with emergency obstetric care in Yogyakarta Special Province .
METHODS	Another 24 Public Health Centres with emergency obstetric care in Central Java Province which have similarities in their demographic , population characteristics , and facilities will also be involved .
METHODS	Each Public Health Centre will be asked to choose two or three nurse-midwives to participate in this study .
METHODS	For the intervention group , the Public Health Centres in Yogyakarta Special Province , training on the Four Pillars Approach will be held prior to the model 's implementation .
METHODS	Consecutively , we will recruit 360 pregnant women with anaemia to take part in part in the study to measure the effectiveness of the intervention .
METHODS	The outcome measurements are the differences in haemoglobin levels between the intervention and control groups in the third trimester of pregnancy , the frequency of antenatal care attendance , and the presence of a nurse-midwife during labour .
METHODS	Qualitative data will be used to investigate the barriers and facilitating factors , as to nurse-midwives ' satisfaction with the implementation of the Four Pillars Approach .
CONCLUSIONS	If the Four Pillars Approach is effective in improving the outcome for pregnant women with anaemia , this approach could be implemented nationwide and be taken into consideration to improve the outcome for other conditions in pregnancy , after further research .
BACKGROUND	Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN35822126 .

###24438512
BACKGROUND	Progressive Supranuclear Palsy ( PSP ) is a sporadic and progressive neurodegenerative disease which belongs to the family of tauopathies and involves both cortical and subcortical structures .
BACKGROUND	No effective therapy is to date available .
METHODS	Autologous bone marrow ( BM ) mesenchymal stem cells ( MSC ) from patients affected by different type of parkinsonisms have shown their ability to improve the dopaminergic function in preclinical and clinical models .
METHODS	It is also possible to isolate and expand MSC from the BM of PSP patients with the same proliferation rate and immuphenotypic profile as MSC from healthy donors .
METHODS	BM MSC can be efficiently delivered to the affected brain regions of PSP patients where they can exert their beneficial effects through different mechanisms including the secretion of neurotrophic factors.Here we propose a randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blind phase I clinical trial in patients affected by PSP with MSC delivered via intra-arterial injection .
CONCLUSIONS	To our knowledge , this is the first clinical trial to be applied in a no-option parkinsonism that aims to test the safety and to exploit the properties of autologous mesenchymal stem cells in reducing disease progression .
CONCLUSIONS	The study has been designed to test the safety of this `` first-in-man '' approach and to preliminarily explore its efficacy by excluding the placebo effect .
BACKGROUND	NCT01824121 .

###24597923
BACKGROUND	The importance of using technologies such as e-learning in different disciplines is discussed in the literature .
BACKGROUND	Researchers have measured the effectiveness of e-learning in a number of fields.Considering the lack of research on the effectiveness of online learning in dental education particularly in Iran , the advantages of these learning methods and the positive university atmosphere regarding the use of online learning .
BACKGROUND	This study , therefore , aims to compare the effects of two methods of teaching ( virtual versus traditional ) on student learning .
METHODS	This post-test only design study approached 40 , fifth year dental students of Shiraz University of Medical Sciences .
METHODS	From this group , 35 students agreed to participate .
METHODS	These students were randomly allocated into two groups , experimental ( virtual learning ) and comparison ( traditional learning ) .
METHODS	To ensure similarity between groups , we compared GPAs of all participants by the Mann-Whitney U test ( P > 0.05 ) .
METHODS	The experimental group received a virtual learning environment courseware package specifically designed for this study , whereas the control group received the same module structured in a traditional lecture form .
METHODS	The virtual learning environment consisted of online and offline materials .
METHODS	Two identical valid , reliable post-tests that consisted of 40 multiple choice questions ( MCQs ) and 4 essay questions were administered immediately ( 15 min ) after the last session and two months later to assess for knowledge retention .
METHODS	Data were analyzed by SPSS version 20 .
RESULTS	A comparison of the mean knowledge score of both groups showed that virtual learning was more effective than traditional learning ( effect size = 0.69 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The newly designed virtual learning package is feasible and will result in more effective learning in comparison with lecture-based training .
CONCLUSIONS	However further studies are needed to generalize the findings of this study .

###24294000
BACKGROUND	Cerium oxide nanoparticles ( nanoceria ) are effective at quenching reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) in cell culture and animal models .
BACKGROUND	Although nanoceria reportedly deposit in lungs , their efficacy in conferring lung protection during oxidative stress remains unexplored .
BACKGROUND	Thus , the study evaluated the protective efficacy of nanoceria in rat lung tissue during hypobaric hypoxia .
METHODS	A total of 48 animals were randomly divided into four equal groups ( control [ C ] , nanoceria treated [ T ] , hypoxia [ H ] , and nanoceria treated plus hypoxia [ T+H ] ) .
METHODS	Animals were injected intraperitoneally with either a dose of 0.5 g/kg body weight/week of nanoceria ( T and T+H groups ) or vehicle ( C and H groups ) for 5 weeks .
METHODS	After the final dose , H and T+H animals were challenged with hypobaric hypoxia , while C and T animals were maintained at normoxia .
METHODS	Lungs were isolated and homogenate was obtained for analysis of ROS , lipid peroxidation , glutathione , protein carbonylation , and 4-hydroxynonenal-adduct formation .
METHODS	Plasma was used for estimating major inflammatory cytokines using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay .
METHODS	Intact lung tissues were fixed and both transmission electron microscopy and histopathological examinations were carried out separately for detecting internalization of nanoparticles as well as altered lung morphology .
RESULTS	Spherical nanoceria of 7-10 nm diameter were synthesized using a microemulsion method , and the lung protective efficacy of the nanoceria evaluated during hypobaric hypoxia .
RESULTS	With repeated intraperitoneal injections of low micromole concentration , we successfully localized the nanoceria in rodent lung without any inflammatory response .
RESULTS	The lung-deposited nanoceria limited ROS formation , lipid peroxidation , and glutathione oxidation , and prevented oxidative protein modifications like nitration and carbonyl formation during hypobaric hypoxia .
RESULTS	We also observed reduced lung inflammation in the nanoceria-injected lungs , supporting the anti-inflammatory properties of nanoceria .
CONCLUSIONS	Cumulatively , these results suggest nanoceria deposit in lungs , confer protection by quenching noxious free radicals during hypobaric hypoxia , and do not evoke any inflammatory response .

###24705731
BACKGROUND	The Alvarado score is a clinical scoring system used in the diagnosis of acute appendicitis .
BACKGROUND	This study aimed to compare the reliability of the Alvarado score and clinical judgment and to refine the score to make it easier to use .
METHODS	In this prospective , randomized study , patients presenting at the authors ' outpatient department with suspected appendicitis during a 1-year period were assigned in weekly alternation to either group A or group B.
METHODS	The group A patients were treated on the basis of their Alvarado score , and the group B patients underwent treatment based on clinical judgment .
METHODS	The correctness of the methods was assessed by evaluation of the final histology .
METHODS	Statistical comparison of the data was performed using SPSS 20 .
RESULTS	The study investigated 269 patients ( 131 in group A and 138 in group B ) .
RESULTS	The groups were homogeneous in terms of mean age , gender , body mass index , and American Society of Anesthesiologists score .
RESULTS	The number of negative appendectomies was 12 ( 9.16 % ) in group A versus 5 ( 3.6 % ) in group B ( p = 0.063 ) .
RESULTS	The clinical judgment had better specificity and sensitivity than the Alvarado score .
RESULTS	For that reason , the specificity of the Alvarado score was refined using statistical methods , with weighting of certain clinical data and inclusion of new ones ( e.g. , ultrasound investigation ) .
RESULTS	Consequently , the area under the curve by receiver operating characteristic analysis gradually increased , and the Alvarado score became more accurate .
CONCLUSIONS	The study findings showed clinical judgment to be more reliable in the diagnosis of acute appendicitis than the Alvarado score , but the score is a useful diagnostic aid , especially for young colleagues .
CONCLUSIONS	The use of the new scoring system has become easier .
CONCLUSIONS	It includes fewer criteria as well as an important and sensitive predictor : the ultrasound investigation .

###25978169
OBJECTIVE	Sirtuin 1 influences gene expression and other cellular functions through deacetylation of histone and nonhistone proteins .
OBJECTIVE	We here sought to determine the effects of a small molecule sirtuin 1 activator , SRT2104 , on inflammation and coagulation induced by lipopolysaccharide in humans .
METHODS	A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study .
METHODS	An academic hospital .
METHODS	Twenty-four healthy humans .
METHODS	All subjects received an intravenous injection with lipopolysaccharide .
METHODS	Subjects were randomized to one of three groups ( n = 8 per group ) : 1 ) pretreatment with oral SRT2104 for 7 days ( 2 g/d ) , 2 ) pretreatment with a single SRT2104 dose ( 2 g ) , or 3 ) placebo .
RESULTS	SRT2104 attenuated lipopolysaccharide-induced release of the cytokines interleukin-6 ( mean peak levels of 58.8 % [ p < 0.05 ] and 80.9 % [ p = 0.078 ] after single and repeated SRT2104 administration , respectively , relative to those measured after placebo treatment ) and interleukin-8 ( mean peak levels of 57.0 % [ p < 0.05 vs placebo ] and 77.1 % [ p < 0.05 vs placebo ] after single and repeated SRT2104 ingestion , respectively , while not affecting tumor necrosis factor - and interleukin-10 release ) .
RESULTS	SRT2104 also reduced the lipopolysaccharide-induced acute phase protein response ( C-reactive protein ) .
RESULTS	SRT2104 inhibited activation of coagulation , as reflected by lower plasma levels of the prothrombin fragment F1 +2 ( mean peak levels 57.9 % [ p < 0.05 ] and 64.2 % [ p < 0.05 ] after single and repeated SRT2104 administration , respectively , relative to those measured after placebo treatment ) .
RESULTS	Activation of the vascular endothelium ( plasma von Willebrand levels ) and the fibrinolytic system ( plasma tissue-type plasminogen activator and plasminogen activator inhibitor type I ) was not influenced by SRT2104 .
CONCLUSIONS	This is the first human study to demonstrate biological anti-inflammatory and anticoagulant responses consistent with the activation of sirtuin 1 by a small molecule .

###26258314
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this study was to compare the long-term outcome of patients with metastatic melanoma vaccinated with 6MHP to that of a group of unvaccinated historical controls .
BACKGROUND	A multipeptide vaccine ( 6MHP ) , designed to induce helper T cells against melanocytic and cancer-testis antigens , has been shown to induce specific Th1-dominant CD4 + T cell responses .
METHODS	The 6MHP vaccine was administered to patients with metastatic melanoma .
METHODS	Circulating CD4 + T cell responses were measured by proliferation or direct IFN-gamma ELIspot assay .
METHODS	Overall survival of vaccinated patients was compared to a group of clinically comparable historical controls using multivariable Cox regression analysis and Kaplan-Meier survival analysis , taking into account age , metastatic site , and resection status .
RESULTS	Across 40 vaccinated patients and 87 controls , resection status ( HR 0.54 , P = 0.004 ) and vaccination ( HR 0.24 , P < 0.001 ) were associated with improved overall survival .
RESULTS	Forty pairs of vaccinated patients and controls were matched by metastatic site , resection status , and age within 10 years .
RESULTS	Median survival was significantly longer for vaccinated patients ( 5.4 vs 1.3 years , P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Among the vaccinated patients , the development of a specific immune response after vaccination was associated with improved survival ( HR 0.35 , P = 0.040 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Helper peptide vaccination is associated with improved overall survival among patients with metastatic melanoma .
CONCLUSIONS	These data support a randomized prospective trial of the 6MHP vaccine .

###24290148
OBJECTIVE	To examine the effect of reducing questionnaire length on the response rate in a physician survey .
METHODS	A postal four double-page questionnaire on end-of-life decision making was sent to a random sample of 1,100 general practitioners , 400 elderly care physicians , and 500 medical specialists .
METHODS	Another random sample of 500 medical specialists received a shorter questionnaire of two double pages .
METHODS	After 3months and one reminder , all nonresponding physicians received an even shorter questionnaire of one double page .
RESULTS	Total response was 64 % ( 1,456 of 2,269 eligible respondents ) .
RESULTS	Response rate of medical specialists for the four double-page questionnaire was equal to that of the two double-page questionnaire ( 190 and 191 questionnaires were returned , respectively ) .
RESULTS	The total response rate increased from 53 % to 64 % after sending a short one double-page questionnaire ( 1,203-1 ,456 respondents ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of our study suggest that reducing the length of a long questionnaire in a physician survey does not necessarily improve response rate .
CONCLUSIONS	To improve response rate and gather more information , researchers could decide to send a drastically shortened version of the questionnaire to nonresponders .

###25464511
BACKGROUND	In mouse models for atopic dermatitis ( AD ) hypothalamus pituitary adrenal axis ( HPA ) dysfunction and neuropeptide-dependent neurogenic inflammation explain stress-aggravated flares to some extent .
BACKGROUND	Lately , cholinergic signaling has emerged as a link between innate and adaptive immunity as well as stress responses in chronic inflammatory diseases .
BACKGROUND	Here we aim to determine in humans the impact of acute stress on neuro-immune interaction as well as on the non-neuronal cholinergic system ( NNCS ) .
METHODS	Skin biopsies were obtained from 22 individuals ( AD patients and matched healthy control subjects ) before and after the Trier social stress test ( TSST ) .
METHODS	To assess neuro-immune interaction , nerve fiber ( NF ) - density , NF-mast cell contacts and mast cell activation were determined by immunohistomorphometry .
METHODS	To evaluate NNCS effects , expression of secreted mammal Ly-6 / urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor-related protein ( SLURP ) 1 and 2 ( endogenous nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ligands ) and their main corresponding receptors were assessed by quantitative RT-PCR .
RESULTS	With respect to neuro-immune interaction we found higher numbers of NGF + dermal NF in lesional compared to non-lesional AD but lower numbers of Gap43 + growing NF at baseline .
RESULTS	Mast cell-NF contacts correlated with SCORAD and itch in lesional skin .
RESULTS	With respect to the NNCS , nicotinic acetylcholine receptor 7 ( 7nAChR ) mRNA was significantly lower in lesional AD skin at baseline .
RESULTS	After TSST , PGP 9.5 + NF numbers dropped in lesional AD as did their contacts with mast cells .
RESULTS	NGF + NF now correlated with SCORAD and mast cell-NF contacts with itch in non-lesional skin .
RESULTS	At the same time , SLURP-2 levels increased in lesional AD skin .
CONCLUSIONS	In humans chronic inflammatory and highly acute psycho-emotional stress interact to modulate cutaneous neuro-immune communication and NNCS marker expression .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings may have consequences for understanding and treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases in the future .

###25127372
BACKGROUND	The HOT ( Healthy Outcome for Teens ) Project is an innovative online educational intervention for middle school children for prevention of diabetes and obesity by balancing food intake with physical activity .
BACKGROUND	The objective was to improve knowledge , outcome expectations , self-efficacy , and self-reported food intake and skills and to compare a passive online learning ( POL ) control group with an active online learning ( AOL ) treatment group by implementing a social cognitive theory ( SCT ) - grounded online intervention .
METHODS	In total , 214 participants were recruited from three middle schools .
METHODS	Full data were secured for 181 students .
METHODS	Six valid , reliable questionnaires were administered online , pre/post , to both the AOL and POL groups to assess knowledge gain , self-reported intake , and meal planning skills , as well as change in SCT constructs .
RESULTS	Subjects in the AOL group improved significantly for all five categories of planning a meal questionnaire ( P = 0.001 ) and also for outcome expectations for exercise ( P = 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	At postintervention , no significant differences were found for composite scores of exercise self-efficacy , weight efficacy lifestyle , and rapid eating assessment plan questionnaires between AOL versus POL ( by Mann-Whitney test ) .
CONCLUSIONS	We conclude that teens participating in the AOL version of the HOT Project intervention acquired skills for planning a meal and improved outcome expectations for exercise .

###25730929
BACKGROUND	Vegetative dysfunction is observed in 60-90 % of the children presenting with chronic respiratory diseases .
BACKGROUND	Its timely identification and correction increases the effectiveness of the combined rehabilitative treatment of such patients .
METHODS	The vegetative regulation was dynamically evaluated by the analysis of the heart rate variability in 95 patients presenting with bronchial asthma and chronic nonspecific lung diseases .
METHODS	The age of the patients varied from 7 to 16 years .
METHODS	Sixty children received the combined treatment including enteral oxygen therapy , the control group was comprised of 35 patients .
RESULTS	The enteral oxygen therapy eliminated the vegetative disbalance in 80.0 % of the children with bronchial asthma and in 88,0 % of those suffering from chronic nonspecific lung diseases .
RESULTS	The results of the spectral analysis of heart rate variability indicate that the total spectrum power ( TSP ) was significantly increased in the patients of the study group .
RESULTS	This effect was accompanied by the restructuring of wave frequency ranges pointing out to the enhancement of the activity of the sympathetic-adrenal system .
RESULTS	The integral index of adaptive reserves ( AR ) increased from 2.00,6 to 4.70,6 points ( p < 0.001 ) under the influence of enteral oxygen therapy ; this parameter remained practically unaltered in the patients of the control group where it varied from 1.70,8 to 2.00,9 points ( p > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	More manifest pronounced positive dynamics was observed in the patients presenting with initial vagotonia and the severe or moderate form of the disease .
CONCLUSIONS	The present study has demonstrated the favourable influence of enteral oxygen therapy on the vegetative regulation mechanisms and the adaptive potential of the organism .
CONCLUSIONS	Analysis of the heart rate variability may be a screening method for the evaluation of the effectiveness of the proposed therapeutic modality .

###26480547
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy difference in the treatment of senile insomnia among western , medication , acupuncture and the integrated therapy of acupuncture and western medication .
METHODS	Ninety-eight patients of senile insomnia were randomized into a western medication group ( 30 cases ) , an acupuncture group ( 35 cases ) and an integrated acupuncture and medication group ( 35 cases ) .
METHODS	In the western medication group , estazolam 1mg was prescribed , taken 30 min before going to bed , oryzanol 20 mg , oral administration , three times a day , for 4 weeks totally .
METHODS	In the acupuncture group , the simple acupuncture therapy was applied at Shenmen ( HT 7 ) , Sanyinjiao ( SP 6 ) , Anmian ( Extra ) , Baihui ( GV 20 ) and Sishencong ( EX-HN 1 ) , as well as the supplementary points selected according to the differentiation .
METHODS	The acupuncture treatment was given once a day , 5 treatments a week , for 4 weeks totally .
METHODS	In the integrated acupuncture and medication group , the western medication was combined with acupuncture .
METHODS	The dosage and usage of western medication were same as those in the western medication group ; and acupoints in acupuncture treatment were same as those in the acupuncture group .
METHODS	The treatment lasted for 4 weeks in the three groups .
METHODS	Pittsburgh sleep quality index ( PSQI ) and clinical efficacy were observed before treatment , after 4 weeks ' treatment and in 4 weeks after discontinuity of treatment in the three groups .
RESULTS	Four weeks after treatment , the clinical curative rates were 3.3 % ( 1/30 ) , 21.2 % ( 7/33 ) and 25.7 % ( 9/35 ) in the western medication group , the acupuncture group and the integrated acupuncture and medicines group separately .
RESULTS	The total effective rates were 70.0 % ( 21/30 ) , 93.9 % ( 31/33 ) and 97.1 % ( 34/35 ) in the three groups separately .
RESULTS	The curative rates and the total effective rates in the integrated acupuncture and medication group and the acupuncture group were higher than those in the western medication group separately ( all , P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	PSQI scores after 4 Weeks ' treatment were all improved as compared with those before treatment in the three groups ( all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	PSQI score in either the integrated acupuncture and medication group or the acupuncture group was lower than that in the western medication group , indicating the significant difference ( both P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Four weeks after discontinuity of treatment , the efficacy was stable in the acupuncture group and the integrated acupuncture and medication group .
RESULTS	PSQI score did not change as compared with that in the 4th week of treatment .
RESULTS	The score in the western medication group ran back , close to that before treatment ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	During the treatment , a few patients had dry mouth in the western medication group .
RESULTS	The adverse reactions were not discovered in the other two groups .
CONCLUSIONS	The integrated therapy of acupuncture and medication achieves the quick efficacy on senile insomnia and rapidly relieves the symptoms , with quite high clinical curative rate and total effective rate obtained .
CONCLUSIONS	The long-term efficacy is better than that of western medication .
CONCLUSIONS	The integrated therapy is the first option among the three therapeutic programs .

###24597915
BACKGROUND	Sexual risk is an important , oft-neglected area in addiction treatment .
OBJECTIVE	This report examines computerized sexual risk assessment and client feedback at intake as means of enhancing counselor awareness of client risk behavior during early treatment , as well as any clinical impact of that counselor awareness .
METHODS	In 2009-2011 , new clients at both opiate treatment and drug-free treatment programs endorsed in a computer-assisted assessment at intake 90-day retrospective indices for : being sexually active , having multiple partners , having sex under drug influence , and inconsistently using condoms .
METHODS	Clients were randomly assigned in a 2:1 ratio to receive or not receive a personal feedback report , and those receiving a report chose if a counselor copy was also distributed .
METHODS	Ninety days later , retained clients ( N = 79 ) repeated the assessment and their counselors concurrently reported perceptions of recent client risk behavior .
RESULTS	Based on client reports , pretreatment risk behaviors were prevalent among men and women and remained so during treatment .
RESULTS	A general linear model revealed greater counselor awareness of subsequent client risk behavior with mutual distribution of intake feedback reports to client and counselor , and at the opiate treatment program .
RESULTS	A repeated-measures analysis of variance indicated that counselor awareness did not predict change in temporally stable patterns of sexual risk behavior .
RESULTS	CONCLUSIONS/IMPORTANCE : Findings document that computerized intake assessment of sexual risk and mutually distributed feedback reports prompt greater counselor awareness of clients ' subsequent risk behavior .
RESULTS	Future research is needed to determine how best to prepare counselors to use such awareness to effectively prompt risk reduction in routine care .

###24902406
OBJECTIVE	To assess the sealing properties of four luting materials used for cementation of full cast crowns .
METHODS	40 human premolars were prepared with a chamfer finish line .
METHODS	Stone dies were fabricated and copings were waxed , invested and cast in gold .
METHODS	Ten samples ( n = 10 ) were randomly assigned to four groups .
METHODS	In two groups , resin modified glass-ionomer cements were used , ACTIVA BioACTIVE-CEMENT/BASE/LINER and FujiCem2 ; the third group received the self-adhesive resin cement Embrace WetBond , while the fourth group served as control with a zinc phosphate cement .
METHODS	After cementation , excess cement was removed followed by bench-set for 10 minutes .
METHODS	All samples were stored in water at 37 degrees C and subjected to thermal cycling ( x2000 between 5 and 55 degrees C ) .
METHODS	Subsequently the occlusal surface was reduced exposing the dentin .
METHODS	After sterilization the specimens were subjected to bacterial microleakage with E. faecalis in a dual chamber apparatus for a period of 60 days .
METHODS	Bacterial leakage was checked daily .
METHODS	Data were analyzed using the Kaplan-Meyer survival test .
METHODS	Significant pairwise differences were analyzed using the Log Rank test and the Fishers ' exact test at P < 0.05 .
RESULTS	ACTIVA BioACTIVE-CEMENT/BASE/LINER , FujiCem2 and Embrace WetBond showed the lowest microleakage scores and differed statistically significantly ( P < 0.05 ) from zinc phosphate cement .

###24356166
BACKGROUND	There is no current consensus on the optimal technique for subarachnoid anesthesia in morbidly obese parturients even though some providers prefer the combined spinal-epidural ( CSE ) over single-shot spinal ( SSS ) technique .
BACKGROUND	In this randomized controlled study , we compared the time required for initiation of subarachnoid anesthesia between SSS and CSE techniques in morbidly obese parturients undergoing elective cesarean delivery .
METHODS	Morbidly obese parturients presenting for elective cesarean delivery were randomized to receive subarachnoid anesthesia performed either with a SSS or a CSE technique .
METHODS	The spinal procedure in the sitting position was attempted by an experienced resident for up to 10 minutes , and if unsuccessful , the attending obstetric anesthesiologist assumed control of the procedure .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the time it took from the insertion of the introducer needle ( SSS group ) or insertion of the epidural needle ( CSE group ) to the end of intrathecal injection of drugs ( procedure time ) .
RESULTS	Forty-four patients were enrolled and completed the study .
RESULTS	Three were excluded due to protocol violations .
RESULTS	Of the remaining , 21 patients were in the SSS group and 20 in the CSE group .
RESULTS	Demographic variables and mean ( SD ) body mass index ( 48.7 7.6 kg/m for SSS ; 49.9 8.6 kg/m for CSE ) were not different between groups .
RESULTS	The median [ interquartile range ] for procedure time was 210 [ 116-692 ] seconds and 180 [ 75-450 ] seconds for SSS and CSE groups , respectively ( P = 0.36 ) , while the 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) of the difference was -80 to +180 seconds .
RESULTS	The first operator completed the procedure in < 10 minutes in 71 % of subjects in the SSS group and 95 % of those in the CSE group ( P = 0.09 ) and the 95 % CI of the difference was -2 % to +45 % .
RESULTS	There were more attempts to successful completion of the procedure in the SSS group ( P = 0.007 ) with its 95 % CI of the difference being +1 to +6 .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results suggest that the CSE technique is noninferior to the SS technique in morbidly obese parturients for time of initiation of subarachnoid anesthesia and may be accomplished with fewer attempts than the SSS technique with experienced residents .

###24835849
BACKGROUND	In the acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ARDS ) , inflammation in the lungs and other organs can cause life-threatening organ failure .
BACKGROUND	Inhibitors of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase ( statins ) can modulate inflammatory responses .
BACKGROUND	Previous observational studies suggested that statins improved clinical outcomes in patients with sepsis .
BACKGROUND	We hypothesized that rosuvastatin therapy would improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis-associated ARDS .
METHODS	We conducted a multicenter trial in which patients with sepsis-associated ARDS were randomly assigned to receive either enteral rosuvastatin or placebo in a double-blind manner .
METHODS	The primary outcome was mortality before hospital discharge home or until study day 60 if the patient was still in a health care facility .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included the number of ventilator-free days ( days that patients were alive and breathing spontaneously ) to day 28 and organ-failure-free days to day 14 .
RESULTS	The study was stopped because of futility after 745 of an estimated 1000 patients had been enrolled .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference between study groups in 60-day in-hospital mortality ( 28.5 % with rosuvastatin and 24.9 % with placebo , P = 0.21 ) or in mean ( SD ) ventilator-free days ( 15.110.8 with rosuvastatin and 15.111.0 with placebo , P = 0.96 ) .
RESULTS	The groups were well matched with respect to demographic and key physiological variables .
RESULTS	Rosuvastatin therapy , as compared with placebo , was associated with fewer days free of renal failure to day 14 ( 10.15.3 vs. 11.04.7 , P = 0.01 ) and fewer days free of hepatic failure to day 14 ( 10.85.0 vs. 11.84.3 , P = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	Rosuvastatin was not associated with an increased incidence of serum creatine kinase levels that were more than 10 times the upper limit of the normal range .
CONCLUSIONS	Rosuvastatin therapy did not improve clinical outcomes in patients with sepsis-associated ARDS and may have contributed to hepatic and renal organ dysfunction .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by the National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute and the Investigator-Sponsored Study Program of AstraZeneca ; ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00979121 . )

###24261687
BACKGROUND	Determining sample sizes for metabolomic experiments is important but due to the complexity of these experiments , there are currently no standard methods for sample size estimation in metabolomics .
BACKGROUND	Since pilot studies are rarely done in metabolomics , currently existing sample size estimation approaches which rely on pilot data can not be applied .
RESULTS	In this article , an analysis based approach called MetSizeR is developed to estimate sample size for metabolomic experiments even when experimental pilot data are not available .
RESULTS	The key motivation for MetSizeR is that it considers the type of analysis the researcher intends to use for data analysis when estimating sample size .
RESULTS	MetSizeR uses information about the data analysis technique and prior expert knowledge of the metabolomic experiment to simulate pilot data from a statistical model .
RESULTS	Permutation based techniques are then applied to the simulated pilot data to estimate the required sample size .
CONCLUSIONS	The MetSizeR methodology , and a publicly available software package which implements the approach , are illustrated through real metabolomic applications .
CONCLUSIONS	Sample size estimates , informed by the intended statistical analysis technique , and the associated uncertainty are provided .

###25593485
OBJECTIVE	To assess the long-term effects of physical activity on irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) symptoms and on quality of life , fatigue , depression and anxiety .
METHODS	Seventy-six patients from a previous randomized controlled interventional study on increased physical activity in IBS were asked to participate in this long-term follow-up study .
METHODS	The included patients attended one visit in which they filled out questionnaires and they underwent a submaximal cycle ergometer test .
METHODS	The primary end point was the change in the IBS Severity Scoring System ( IBS-SSS ) at baseline , i.e. , before the intervention and at follow-up .
METHODS	The secondary endpoints were changes in quality of life , fatigue , depression and anxiety .
RESULTS	A total of 39 [ 32 women , median age 45 ( 28-61 ) years ] patients were included in this follow-up .
RESULTS	Median follow-up time was 5.2 ( range : 3.8-6 .2 ) years .
RESULTS	The IBS symptoms were improved compared with baseline [ IBS-SSS : 276 ( 169-360 ) vs 218 ( 82-328 ) , P = 0.001 ] .
RESULTS	This was also true for the majority of the dimensions of psychological symptoms such as disease specific quality of life , fatigue , depression and anxiety .
RESULTS	The reported time of physical activity during the week before the visit had increased from 3.2 ( 0.0-10 .0 ) h at baseline to 5.2 ( 0.0-15 .0 ) h at follow-up , P = 0.019 .
RESULTS	The most common activities reported were walking , aerobics and cycling .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in the oxygen uptake 31.8 ( 19.7-45 .8 ) mL per min per kg at baseline vs 34.6 ( 19.0-54 .6 ) mL/min per kg at follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	An intervention to increase physical activity has positive long-term effects on IBS symptoms and psychological symptoms .

###25728105
BACKGROUND	Streptococcus mutans is one of the most common cariogenic microorganisms .
BACKGROUND	Use of natural anticariogenic agents , such as Xylitol has been well-established in the literature .
BACKGROUND	On the other hand , there is a scarcity of studies that have reported the antimicrobial potential of Propolis as an anticariogenic chewing agent ; hence , the present study was designed .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate and compare the anticariogenic action of two commercial chewing gums Propolis and Xylitol on the salivary S. mutans count in a group of children from Bengaluru city .
METHODS	Clinical setting and experimental design .
METHODS	Thirty healthy children aged 8-11 years with decayed , missing , and filled teeth ( dmft ) / DMFT index score3 were included in the study .
METHODS	Before the test , unstimulated saliva was collected .
METHODS	Children divided into Group I and II were given Propolis and Xylitol chewing gums respectively ; to chew for 15 min .
METHODS	Saliva samples were then collected at 15 min ( just after spitting ) and after 1 h.
METHODS	The amount of S. mutans in saliva was evaluated using a selective media ( MSAB ) .
METHODS	In addition , compliance of the two chewing gums among the children was tested with a questionnaire .
METHODS	Student 's t-test .
RESULTS	Six samples out of 30 were excluded due to no growth .
RESULTS	The total number of bacterial colonies was significantly reduced when compared to baseline in both the groups .
RESULTS	Propolis gum showed statistically significant reduction in the number of colonies as compared to Xylitol .
RESULTS	Xylitol gum was more preferred than Propolis gum by the children .
CONCLUSIONS	Propolis chewing gum can be used as an anticariogenic agent in children .

###24913212
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effect of a dance-based therapy on depressive symptoms among institutionalized older adults .
METHODS	Randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Nursing homes .
METHODS	Older adults ( 60 years or older ) permanently living in a nursing home .
METHODS	Exercise Dance for Seniors ( EXDASE ) Program designed for the use in long-term care settings performed once a week for 60 minutes for 3 months .
METHODS	Baseline measures included sociodemographic characteristics , ability to perform basic as well as instrumental activities of daily living , basic mobility , self-rated health , and cognitive status .
METHODS	Outcome measures were collected before and after the intervention and included assessment of depressive symptoms using the geriatric depression scale ( GDS ) .
RESULTS	Comparison of participants with MMSE of 15 or higher showed that GDS scores in the intervention group significantly improved ( P = .005 ) , whereas the control group had a trend of further worsening of depressive symptoms ( P = .081 ) .
RESULTS	GLM analysis documented highly statistically significant effect of dance therapy ( P = .001 ) that was not influenced by controlling for intake of antidepressants and nursing home location .
RESULTS	Dance therapy may have decreased depressive symptoms even in participants with MMSE lower than 15 and resulted in more discontinuations and fewer prescriptions of antidepressants in the intervention group than in the control group .
CONCLUSIONS	This study provides evidence that dance-based exercise can reduce the amount of depressive symptoms in nursing home residents .
CONCLUSIONS	In general , this form of exercise seems to be very suitable and beneficial for this population .

###24737406
OBJECTIVE	This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of UPPP combined with an oral appliance ( OA ) in the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome ( OSAHS ) .
METHODS	Forty patients diagnosed with severe OSAHS were randomly divided into two groups : 20 patients in the pure surgery group treated by uvulopalatopharyngoplasty ( UPPP ) surgery and the remaining 20 patients in the combined treatment group for the combined application of UPPP and OA .
METHODS	Nocturnal PSG monitoring was performed in postoperative 0.5 and 3.0 a. AHI , SaO , and sleep structure improvement were calculated to compare the treatment efficiency of the two groups .
RESULTS	The AHI of the combined treatment group in the postoperative 3 was lower than that of the pure surgery group , whereas the lowest SaO value was higher than that of the pure surgery group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The sleep structure improvement of the combined treatment group in the postoperative 3a was possibly more normal than that of the pure surgery group .
CONCLUSIONS	The long-term efficacy of the combined UPPP and OA for the treatment of OSAHS was higher than that of pure UPPP treatment .

###24957530
OBJECTIVE	To describe specific causes of death and evaluate whether bleeding events and infection contributed to mortality in all ticagrelor-treated and clopidogrel-treated patients with acute coronary syndromes .
METHODS	In the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes ( PLATO ) trial , ticagrelor significantly reduced rates of vascular and total death compared with clopidogrel .
METHODS	In the 905 patients who died postenrolment in the PLATO trial ( n = 18624 ) , reviewers , blinded to study treatment , subclassified direct causes of death and evaluated whether infection or bleeding events contributed to fatal events .
RESULTS	Among vascular deaths , there were significantly fewer sudden deaths ( 63 ( 0.7 % ) vs 98 ( 1.1 % ) , p < 0.01 ) but no significant difference in deaths caused by acute myocardial infarction ( 179 ( 1.9 % ) vs 194 ( 2.1 % ) , p = 0.43 ) or heart failure ( 31 ( 0.3 % ) vs 42 ( 0.5 % ) , p = 0.20 ) with ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel .
RESULTS	For non-vascular deaths , there was no difference between treatments in deaths directly caused by infection .
RESULTS	Although , patients treated with ticagrelor were at lower risk for death where infection was either a direct cause or contributed to death ( 51 ( 0.5 % ) vs 76 ( 0.8 % ) , HR 0.67 ( 0.47 to 0.95 ) , p < 0.05 ) but not for bleeding ( 42 ( 0.5 % ) vs 42 ( 0.5 % ) , HR 0.99 ( 0.65 to 1.53 ) , p = 0.98 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In this post hoc analysis , ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel reduced total and cardiovascular mortality , which appeared to be mainly mediated by a reduction in sudden death .
CONCLUSIONS	Importantly , bleeding causing or contributing to death did not differ between treatments .
BACKGROUND	NCT00391872 ( http://www.clinicaltrial.gov ) .

###24957844
OBJECTIVE	Many studies have failed to show an effect of parent-supervised practice driving on the driving performance of teenagers ; nevertheless , most Graduated Driver Licensing programs have provisions that require supervised practice .
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether a web-based intervention , the Teen Driving Plan ( TDP ) , can improve the driving performance of teenagers before licensure as measured by the Teen On-road Driving Assessment ( tODA ) .
METHODS	Randomized , single-blind , clinical trial among 217 dyads ( 1 parent : 1 teenaged learner 's - permit holder ) to test TDP effectiveness on increasing the quantity and diversity of supervised practice and improving the teenagers ' prelicensed driving performance .
METHODS	The study was conducted from December 2011 through January 2013 in Southeastern Pennsylvania .
METHODS	Dyads were randomized ( 3:2 ) to receive the TDP or the Pennsylvania driver 's manual ( control group ) .
METHODS	The TDP is a psychoeducational intervention designed to increase the quantity and diversity of parent-supervised practice .
METHODS	Materials are grouped by the following driving environments : empty parking lots , suburban residential streets , intermediate ( 1 - or 2-lane ) roads , highways , rural roads with curves and elevation changes , and commercial districts .
METHODS	The main outcomes were self-reported practice driving across 6 environments and 2 conditions and driving performance as measured by the teenagers ' completion of the standardized and validated tODA 24 weeks after enrollment .
METHODS	Certified professional driving evaluators blinded to randomization status terminated the tODA if they determined that the teenager could not safely complete it .
METHODS	We examined mean differences in the quantity of supervised practice , differences in the overall proportion of teenagers in each group that had assessments terminated for unsafe driving , and the point of termination during the assessment .
RESULTS	The TDP dyads reported more practice in 5 of the 6 environments and at night and in bad weather compared with the control dyads .
RESULTS	Overall , 5 of 86 TDP teenagers ( 6 % ) had the tODA terminated compared with 10 of 65 control teenagers ( 15 % ) ( risk difference [ TDP-control ] , -9 % [ 95 % CI , -21 % to 2 % ] ; P = .06 ) .
RESULTS	The hazard ratio for exposure to TDP was 0.35 ( 95 % CI , 0.12-1 .03 ; P = .05 , log-rank test ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Preliminary evidence suggests that the TDP improves supervised practice and the driving performance of prelicensed teenaged drivers .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies can explore how to revise the TDP to enhance the treatment effect and how best to disseminate the TDP without compromising implementation fidelity .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT01498575 .

###25352865
BACKGROUND	Hypoglycemia is a major cause of morbidity and mortality among preterm infants and its management remains a challenge in resource limited settings .
BACKGROUND	Use of dextrose infusion by the recommended infusion pumps is not feasible in our environment due to their high costs and yet the current use of mini dextrose boluses with syringes as adapted at Mulago national referral and tertiary teaching hospital has unknown efficacy in prevention of hypoglycemia .
OBJECTIVE	We determined the efficacy of dextrose infusions by burettes versus two hourly dextrose boluses in prevention of hypoglycemia among preterms admitted in the first 72 hours at Special Care Unit , Mulago Hospital .
METHODS	One hundred and forty preterms aged 0 to 24 hours of life were randomized to receive 10 % IV dextrose either as mini boluses or by infusion using burettes in an open label clinical trial .
METHODS	Blood glucose was measured at 0 , two hourly for next 6 hours , 6 hourly for next 12 hours and thereafter 12 hourly until end of 72 hours following admission .
METHODS	Primary end point was incidence of hypoglycemia ( random blood sugar ( RBS ) < 2.6 mmol/l ) which was expressed as relative risk ( RR ) .
METHODS	Efficacy of the dextrose infusion was computed using 1-RR .
RESULTS	From February 2012 to April 2012 , 68 preterms in the bolus arm and 72 in the infusion arm were studied .
RESULTS	Hypoglycemia was detected in 34 % ( 48/140 ) .
RESULTS	The incidence of hypoglycemia in the bolus arm was 59 % ( 40/68 ) compared to 11 % ( 8/72 ) in the infusion arm ( RR ; 0.19 , 95 % CI ; 0.09-0 .37 ) .
RESULTS	Efficacy ( 1-RR ) of infusion by burettes versus boluses in prevention of hypoglycemia among preterms was 0.81 ( 95 % CI ; 0.63-0 .90 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Continuous 10 % dextrose infusion by burettes reduced the incidence of hypoglycemia by 81 % in the first 72 hours of admission compared to two hourly 10 % mini dextrose boluses among preterms admitted at Special Care Unit , Mulago Hospital .
CONCLUSIONS	( ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT01688674 ) .

###25916088
OBJECTIVE	The aim of our study was to investigate the inhibitory effects on gastric acid secretion of a single oral dose of a proton pump inhibitor , esomeprazole 20 mg and omeprazole 20 mg .
METHODS	A total of 14 Helicobacter pylori-negative male subjects participated in this study .
METHODS	Intragastric pH was monitored continuously for 6 hours after a single oral dose of omeprazole 20 mg and a single oral dose of esomeprazole 20 mg .
METHODS	Each administration was separated by a 7-day washout period .
RESULTS	During the 6-hour study period , the average pH after administration of esomeprazole was higher than that after the administration of omeprazole .
RESULTS	Also during the 6-hour study period , each of pH > 2 , 3 , 3.5 , 4 , and 5 was maintained for a longer duration after administration of esomeprazole 20 mg than after administration of omeprazole 20 mg ( median : 75.4 % vs. 53.8 % , p = 0.0138 ; 52.1 % vs. 33.4 % , p = 0.0188 ; 45.8 % vs. 28.2 % , p = 0.0262 ; 42.5 % vs. 20.7 % , p = 0.0414 ; 35.8 % vs. 11.6 % , p = 0.0262 ; respectively ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In Helicobacter pylori-negative healthy male subjects , single oral administration of esomeprazole 20 mg increased the intragastric pH more rapidly than single oral administration of omeprazole 20 mg .

###24351886
OBJECTIVE	Procedural sedation by non-anaesthesiologists with GABAergic anaesthetics has the potential risk of fatal respiratory depression .
OBJECTIVE	Dexmedetomidine works its sedative action via 2-adrenergic receptors , and is less associated with respiratory depression .
OBJECTIVE	We tested the usability of dexmedetomidine as a procedural sedative during ablation of atrial fibrillation ( AF ) .
RESULTS	Consecutive patients were randomized to be treated with dexmedetomidine ( n = 43 ) or thiamylal ( n = 44 ) as sedatives during AF ablation .
RESULTS	Apnoeic and body movement events were monitored using a novel portable respiratory monitor , the SD-101 , during the procedure .
RESULTS	Although the majority of the patients receiving dexmedetomidine required rescue sedations with thiamylal , the respiratory disturbance index ( RDI ) defined as the total number of sleep-disordered breathing events divided by the recording time ( 10.4 5.1 vs. 18.2 8.1 events/h ; P < 0.0001 ) and movement index defined as the number of body movement events per hour ( 7.6 6.1 vs. 11.0 5.5 events/h ; P = 0.0098 ) were both significantly lower in the dexmedetomidine arm than in the thiamylal arm .
RESULTS	A multivariate linear regression analysis including potential factors revealed that dexmedetomidine vs. thiamylal was solely and independently associated with the RDI ( = -0.62 ; P = 0.0031 ) .
RESULTS	The occurrence of hypotension [ 9 ( 21 % ) vs. 4 ( 9 % ) ; P = 0.14 ] and bradycardia [ 4 ( 9 % ) vs. 4 ( 9 % ) ; P = 1.0 ] were similar in the patients with dexmedetomidine and thiamylal .
CONCLUSIONS	Procedural sedation with dexmedetomidine may assure safety and patient immobility during AF ablation , and therefore may be a potential alternative for that with GABAergic anaesthetics .

###25386778
OBJECTIVE	The goal of this study was to examine the longitudinal trajectories of posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) symptoms in a sample of acutely injured hospitalized civilian trauma survivors who participated in a randomized clinical trial .
OBJECTIVE	Prior longitudinal descriptive research has shown that there are distinct trajectories of PTSD symptoms over time in trauma survivors .
OBJECTIVE	Limited clinical trial research exists that describes the patterns of the trajectories as well as the risk factors that influence the trajectories for seriously injured trauma-exposed patients .
METHODS	Semiparametric , group-based approach trajectory modeling was used to examine four group trajectories of a subset of data obtained from a previous longitudinal clinical trial .
METHODS	Trajectories examined included resilience , recovery , relapsing/remitting , and chronic symptom patterns .
METHODS	One hundred and ninety-four patients who participated in the randomized clinical trial were assessed at baseline in the days and weeks after injury and then randomized .
METHODS	The associations between previously identified PTSD risk factors and the four trajectories were examined .
RESULTS	The risk factors of ethnocultural minority status , psychiatric history , additional life stressors , and depressive symptoms , as well as intervention versus control group status , were found to significantly affect the probability of trajectory group membership for PTSD symptom severity .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings suggest that there is a need for early PTSD interventions that anticipate differences in injured patients ' PTSD trajectory profiles .
CONCLUSIONS	Stepped care intervention procedures may optimally address the diverse PTSD trajectory patterns observed in injured trauma survivors through the tailoring of intervention timing and dosing .

###25113556
BACKGROUND	Postoperative pain control remains a major challenge for surgical procedures , including laparoscopic gastric bypass .
BACKGROUND	Pain management is particularly relevant in obese patients who experience a higher number of cardiovascular and pulmonary events .
BACKGROUND	Effective pain management may reduce their risk of serious postoperative complication , such as deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary emboli .
BACKGROUND	The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of intraperitoneal local anaesthetic , ropivacaine , to reduce postoperative pain in patients undergoing laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass .
METHODS	A randomised controlled trial will be conducted to compare intraperitoneal ropivacaine ( intervention ) versus normal saline ( placebo ) in 120 adult patients undergoing bariatric bypass surgery .
METHODS	Ropivacaine will be infused over the oesophageal hiatus and throughout the abdomen .
METHODS	Patients in the control arm will undergo the same treatment with normal saline .
METHODS	The primary end point will be postoperative pain at 1 , 2 and 4h postoperatively .
METHODS	Pain measurements will then occur every 4h for 24h and every 8h until discharge .
METHODS	Secondary end points will include opioid use , peak expiratory flow , 6min walk distance and quality of life assessed in the immediate postoperative period .
METHODS	Intention-to-treat analysis will be used and repeated measures will be analysed using mixed modelling approach .
METHODS	Post-hoc pairwise comparison of the treatment groups at different time points will be carried out using multiple comparisons with adjustment to the type 1 error .
METHODS	Results of the study will inform the feasibility of recruitment and inform sample size of a larger definitive randomised trial to evaluate the effectiveness of intraperitoneal ropivacaine .
BACKGROUND	This study has been approved by the Ottawa Health Science Network Research Ethics Board and Health Canada in April 2014 .
BACKGROUND	The findings of the study will be disseminated through national and international conferences and peer-reviewed journals .
BACKGROUND	Clinicaltrial.gov NCT02154763 .

###25348858
OBJECTIVE	Mild therapeutic hypothermia ( TH ) is recommended as soon as possible after the return of spontaneous circulation to improve outcomes after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest ( OHCA ) .
OBJECTIVE	Preclinical data suggest that the benefit of TH could be increased if treatment is started during cardiac arrest .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to study the impact of intra-arrest therapeutic hypothermia ( IATH ) on neurological injury and inflammation following OHCA .
METHODS	We conducted a 1:1 randomized , multicenter study in three prehospital emergency medical services and four critical care units in France .
METHODS	OHCA patients , irrespective of the initial rhythm , received either an infusion of cold saline and external cooling during cardiac arrest ( IATH group ) or TH started after hospital admission ( hospital-cooling group ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was neuron-specific enolase ( NSE ) serum concentrations at 24 h. Secondary endpoints included IL-6 , IL-8 , and IL-10 concentrations , and clinical outcome .
RESULTS	Of the 245 patients included , 123 were analyzed in the IATH group and 122 in the hospital-cooling group .
RESULTS	IATH decreased time to reach temperature 34 C by 75 min ( 95 % CI : 4 ; 269 ) .
RESULTS	The rate of patients admitted alive to hospital was not different between groups [ IATH n = 41 ( 33 % ) vs. hospital cooling n = 36 ( 30 % ) ; p = 0.51 ] .
RESULTS	Levels of NSE and inflammatory biomarkers were not different between groups [ median NSE at 24 h : IATH 96.7 g/l ( IQR : 49.9-142 .8 ) vs. hospital cooling 97.6 g/l ( IQR : 74.3-142 .4 ) , p = 0.64 ] .
RESULTS	No difference in survival and cerebral performance were found at 1 month .
CONCLUSIONS	IATH did not affect biological markers of inflammation or brain damage or clinical outcome .

###24682465
BACKGROUND	Standard first-line chemotherapy for elderly non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) patients has been monotherapy with vinorelbine or gemcitabine .
BACKGROUND	Docetaxel has also been considered as an alternative option for the elderly population in Japan .
BACKGROUND	We have previously demonstrated the high efficacy of carboplatin plus weekly paclitaxel for elderly NSCLC patients .
BACKGROUND	Consequently , we conducted a randomized phase II study to select the proper regimen for a future phase III trial .
METHODS	Eligible patients were aged 70 years or older with newly diagnosed advanced NSCLC .
METHODS	Patients were randomly assigned either to a combination of carboplatin ( area under the curve : 6 mg/mL per minute ) with weekly paclitaxel ( 70 mg/m ) ( CP regimen ) or to single-agent docetaxel ( 60 mg/m ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint of this study was objective response rate .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints were progression-free survival , overall survival , and toxicity profile .
RESULTS	Among 83 eligible patients ( 41 to CP , 42 to docetaxel ) , the objective response rates were 54 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 39 % -69 % ) and 24 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 11 % -37 % ) and median progression-free survival was 6.6 months and 3.5 months in the CP arm and the docetaxel arm , respectively .
RESULTS	Severe neutropenia , febrile neutropenia , and nausea were significantly frequent in the docetaxel arm , whereas toxicities in the CP arm were generally moderate .
RESULTS	One treatment-related death was observed in the docetaxel arm .
CONCLUSIONS	The CP regimen achieved higher activity with less toxicity than single-agent docetaxel .
CONCLUSIONS	Considering the results of this phase II trial and the IFCT-0501 trial , we have selected the CP regimen for a future phase III trial in elderly patients with advanced NSCLC .

###24766746
BACKGROUND	Field vaccination trials with Mycobacterium bovis BCG , an attenuated mutant of M. bovis , are ongoing in Spain , where the Eurasian wild boar ( Sus scrofa ) is regarded as the main driver of animal tuberculosis ( TB ) .
BACKGROUND	The oral baiting strategy consists in deploying vaccine baits twice each summer , in order to gain access to a high proportion of wild boar piglets .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to assess the response of wild boar to re-vaccination with BCG and to subsequent challenge with an M. bovis field strain .
RESULTS	BCG re-vaccinated wild boar showed reductions of 75.8 % in lesion score and 66.9 % in culture score , as compared to unvaccinated controls .
RESULTS	Only one of nine vaccinated wild boar had a culture-confirmed lung infection , as compared to seven of eight controls .
RESULTS	Serum antibody levels were highly variable and did not differ significantly between BCG re-vaccinated wild boar and controls .
RESULTS	Gamma IFN levels differed significantly between BCG re-vaccinated wild boar and controls .
RESULTS	The mRNA levels for IL-1b , C3 and MUT were significantly higher in vaccinated wild boar when compared to controls after vaccination and decreased after mycobacterial challenge .
CONCLUSIONS	Oral re-vaccination of wild boar with BCG yields a strong protective response against challenge with a field strain .
CONCLUSIONS	Moreover , re-vaccination of wild boar with BCG is not counterproductive .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings are relevant given that re-vaccination is likely to happen under real ( field ) conditions .

###25596571
BACKGROUND	In this study , we examined the effects of Brucella infection on endothelial dysfunction .
BACKGROUND	Flow-mediated dilatation ( FMD ) measurement is indicator of the endothelial function , and abnormal values indicating endothelial dysfunction are accepted as the first stage of atherosclerosis .
METHODS	Twenty-four patients who had been treated for acute brucellosis two years before , and who had had no relapses in the follow-up , were prospectively included in the study , along with 30 healthy individuals in the control group .
RESULTS	While the highly sensitive C-reactive protein ( hs-CRP ) value was 2.42 1.45 in the patient group , it was 1.72 0.61 in the control group ( p = 0.025 ) .
RESULTS	While the FMD value was 3.50 1.58 in the patient group , it was 5.88 1.88 in the control group ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	While the percentage increase in FMD was 9.88 4.92 in the patient group , it was 17.49 6.3 in the control group ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	It was observed that FMD value , the percentage increase in FMD , and basal radius were correlated with hs-CRP ( r = -0.644 , p < 0.001 ; r = - 0.558 , p = 0.002 ; r = 0.444 , p = 0.018 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	The carotid artery intima media thickness ( IMT ) value was found to be 0.61 0.17 in the patient group and 0.49 0.12 in the control group ( p = 0.004 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The abnormal FMD and IMT values observed in brucellosis patients might be an indicator of more frequent arterial dysfunction , increased cardiovascular risk , and atherosclerosis .

###25955226
BACKGROUND	Undercarboxylated osteocalcin ( ucOC ) has been shown to affect glucose metabolism in mice .
BACKGROUND	We recently randomized patients with hypoparathyroidism to treatment with PTH or placebo and demonstrated a marked increase in total osteocalcin .
OBJECTIVE	To investigate whether there was a similar increase in ucOC and whether that increase affected glucose metabolism .
METHODS	A 24-week randomized , placebo-controlled trial .
METHODS	Ambulatory patients in a research facility .
METHODS	Sixty-two patients aged 31-78 years with hypoparathyroidism , of which 58 completed the trial .
METHODS	100 g/d of PTH ( 1-84 ) .
METHODS	Change in ucOC .
RESULTS	ucOC increased by 1185.0 814.4 % ( mean SD ) in the PTH-treated group and by 69.3 79.4 % in the placebo group ( P < 10 ( -50 ) ) .
RESULTS	In addition , body weight decreased by 1.1 4.0 % in the treatment group and increased 0.8 2.5 % in the placebo group ( P = .04 ) .
RESULTS	Glucose , adiponectin , leptin , homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance , total body fat mass , or truncal fat did not change significantly .
RESULTS	In addition , the number of hypercalcemic episodes per patient was 3.7 2.9 ( mean SD ) in the PTH-treated group but only 0.2 0.6 in the placebo group ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Moreover , there was a significant and negative correlation between the change in ucOC and change in body weight ( P = .004 ) or change in total body fat mass ( P = .03 ) , and a negative but nonsignificant correlation between the number of hypercalcemic episodes and percentage change in body weight ( r = -0.32 ; P = .1 ) .
RESULTS	Change in ucOC did not significantly correlate with changes in other parameters .
CONCLUSIONS	An explanation for the weight loss may be subtle hypercalcemia in PTH treatment inhibiting appetite .
CONCLUSIONS	Our data do not support a role for ucOC in energy metabolism in humans .

###24219852
OBJECTIVE	Despite the benefits of endoscopic nasobiliary drainage ( NBD ) in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography ( ERCP ) , post-ERCP pancreatitis ( PEP ) and nose/throat discomfort can result .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to determine whether the use of a smaller catheter alleviates these complications .
METHODS	A randomized , controlled trial at a tertiary care center compared 4 Fr and 6 Fr NBD catheters ; 165 ERCP patients with nave papillae were randomly assigned to a catheter-size group .
RESULTS	The prevalence of PEP was significantly lower in the 4 Fr group ( 3.7 % ; 3/82 ) than in the 6 Fr group ( 15.7 % ; 13/83 ; P = 0.019 ) .
RESULTS	No spontaneous catheter displacement occurred within 24h .
RESULTS	Discomfort visual analog scores were 2.6 and 4.3 in the 4 Fr and 6 Fr groups , respectively ( P = 0.0048 ) on procedure day ; on the following day , the scores were 2.3 and 3.6 ( P = 0.028 ) .
RESULTS	Bile output was 16.3 mL/h and 21.4 mL/h in the 4 Fr and 6 Fr groups ( P = 0.051 ) .
RESULTS	On obstructive jaundice subgroup analysis , bile drainage was 19.2 mL/h and 22.1 mL/h in the 4 Fr and 6 Fr groups ( P = 0.40 ) .
RESULTS	The 4 Fr group required 5.6 days to reduce bilirubin levels versus 6.1 days in the 6 Fr group ( P = 0.51 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with nave papillae , lower rates of PEP and less nose/throat discomfort are associated with the use of 4 Fr NBD catheters .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with obstructive jaundice , 4 Fr and 6 Fr catheters are comparable with regard to bile output and bilirubin level reduction .

###24429539
BACKGROUND	Telephone-based interventions can be effective in increasing child fruit and vegetable intake in the short term ( < 6 mo ) .
BACKGROUND	The long-term efficacy of such interventions , however , is unknown .
OBJECTIVE	The primary aim of this study was to determine whether the short-term ( < 6 mo ) impact of a telephone-based intervention on children 's fruit and vegetable intake was sustained over a longer term .
OBJECTIVE	A secondary aim of the study was to assess the long-term impact of the intervention on the intake of foods high in fat , salt , or sugar ( noncore foods ) .
METHODS	The study used a cluster randomized controlled trial design .
METHODS	Parents were recruited from Australian preschools between February and August 2010 and allocated to receive an intervention consisting of print materials and 4 telephone-counseling calls delivered over 1 mo or to a print information-only control group .
METHODS	The primary endpoint for the trial was the 18-mo postbaseline follow-up .
METHODS	Linear regression models were used to assess between-group differences in child consumption of fruit and vegetables and noncore foods by subscales of the Children 's Dietary Questionnaire .
RESULTS	Fruit and vegetable subscale scores were significantly higher , indicating greater child fruit and vegetable intake , among children in the intervention group at the 12-mo ( 16.77 compared with 14.89 ; P < 0.01 ) but not the 18-mo ( 15.98 compared with 16.82 ; P = 0.14 ) follow-up .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences between groups at either of the follow-up periods in the noncore food subscale score .
CONCLUSIONS	Further research to identify effective maintenance strategies is required to maximize the benefits of telephone-based interventions on child diet .

###24478190
OBJECTIVE	To assess and compare the intra-arterial injection-associated discomfort of iodinated contrast media ( CM ) and the impact on diagnostic efficacy in diabetics with critical limb ischemia ( CLI ) .
BACKGROUND	Arterial revascularization is a mainstay in patients with CLI .
BACKGROUND	Previous diagnostic angiography is a crucial step that can be affected by CM injection discomfort compromising the revascularization results , and it could vary related to the CM agents .
METHODS	One hundred forty-eight patients received Iodixanol 270 mg iodine pro ml or Ioversol 320 mg iodine pro ml in a prospective , double-blind , randomized , parallel-group clinical trial .
METHODS	Injection-associated discomfort was assessed by Visual Analogic Scale ( VAS ) .
METHODS	Diagnostic efficacy and safety up to 1 week were evaluated .
RESULTS	The incidence of pain has been around 50 % of the all population in study , with lesser incidence of pain ( 25.7 % vs 74.3 % ; P < 0.0001 ) and of heat sensation ( 55.4 % vs 85.1 % ; P < 0.0001 ) , after Iodixanol than after Ioversol injection .
RESULTS	Discomfort mean score , according to VAS assessment , was less in the Iodixanol group ( 8.115.3 ) than in the Ioversol group ( 36.029.7 ) , after first injection ( P < 0.001 ) and for all injections ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	A significant difference was also observed in favor of Iodixanol ( P < 0.001 ) , respect to mean score of discomfort and heat sensation , assessed by the operators after all the CM injections .
CONCLUSIONS	Iodixanol caused less frequent and severe discomfort , characterized as pain and heat during intra-arterial administration compared with Ioversol .
CONCLUSIONS	The pain severity is tightly related to image and diagnosis quality with an impact on the patients for additional injections and larger CM volumes .

###25840525
BACKGROUND	Barbed sutures have unidirectional circumferential shallow barbs , which distribute tension throughout the wound and close wound securely without the need to tie knots .
OBJECTIVE	We compare two different methods of wound closure in elective plastic surgical cases : barbed 3/0V-Loc 180 suture and smooth 3/0Maxon sutures , both polyglyconate monofilament synthetic absorbable sutures .
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the aesthetic long-term results with a minimum two year follow up .
METHODS	This is a prospective , randomized controlled study with internal control .
METHODS	A single surgeon performed all cases .
METHODS	Patients who underwent elective operations that involved long wound closure were enrolled in the study .
METHODS	Each patient acted as their own internal control with half their wound being sutured with 3/0V-Loc 180 barbed suture and the other half with smooth 3/0Maxon deep dermal sutures and then a subcuticular skin closure .
METHODS	In both groups , the superficial fascial system was closed with 1 Vicryl interrupted sutures on both sides .
METHODS	Long-term cosmesis was evaluated using the modified Hollander cosmesis score by review of standardized postoperative photographs by 9 blinded plastic surgeons and specialist registrars .
RESULTS	The study reports on 33 female patients .
RESULTS	The time taken for wound closure was significantly reduced using the barbed suture ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	There was no difference in the complication ratio in either group .
RESULTS	Two-year aesthetic outcome was significantly superior when using the barbed suture ( p = 0.0075 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Barbed sutures closure of long wounds is faster and produces a better long-term aesthetic outcome than smooth sutures .

###24598293
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the effects of Sini decoction on function of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis in patients with sepsis .
METHODS	A prospective single-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted .
METHODS	60 septic patients were divided into three groups with the method of random number table , 20 cases in the control group , 20 in the Chinese herb group , and 20 in corticoid group .
METHODS	All of them received routine treatment .
METHODS	Patients in Chinese herb group were given Sini decoction in addition ( decoction of monkshood 15 g , dried ginger 15 g , honey-fried licorice 10 g ) 100 mL/d orally or by nasal feeding , while patients in corticoid group were given hydrocortisone 200 mg/d intravenously instead , both for 7 days .
METHODS	Before the treatment , 3 days and 14 days after treatment , blood was collected to determine the levels of adrenocorticotropic hormone ( ACTH ) and cortisol , and the result of ACTH stimulating test was observed .
METHODS	At the same time , acute physiology and chronic health evaluation II ( APACHEII ) score was recorded , and 3-day shock recovery rate and 28-day death rate were also compared among these groups .
RESULTS	None of the three groups showed different result in ACTH stimulating test ( ( 2 ) = 1.101 , P = 0.605 ) .
RESULTS	ACTH in three groups was gradually decreased .
RESULTS	Compared with that before treatment , ACTH in Chinese herb group and corticoid groups began to decrease obviously on day 3 ( 29.903.31 ng/L vs. 33.103.31 ng/L , 28.202.45 ng/L vs. 33.303.84 ng/L , both P < 0.01 ) , while in control group declined ACTH appeared later ( on day 14 ) compared with before treatment ( 29.405.63 ng/L vs. 33.504.89 ng/L , P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	No obvious difference in ACTH level was showed between the Chinese herb group and the cortical group ( both P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Cortisol level in both Chinese herb and cortical groups showed a raise-fall biphase trend while there was no change in the control .
RESULTS	The cortical levels on day 3 in Chinese herb and cortical groups were much higher than that before treatment ( 343.0431.20 g/L vs. 294.7042.10 g/L , 331.2542.80 g/L vs. 280.3638.10 g/L , both P < 0.01 ) and that of control group ( 291.6141.50 g/L , both P < 0.01 ) , though no significant statistical difference was observed between two groups ( both P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	APACHEII score on day 14 in control , Chinese herb and cortical groups was significantly lower than that before treatment ( 16.85.1 vs. 20.14.3 , 13.43.2 vs. 18.33.8,15.12.5 vs. 19.54.0 , all P < 0.01 ) , and the score was much lower in Chinese herb group comparing with that of control group ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	No statistical difference was observed among control , Chinese herb and cortical groups in lowering 28-day death rate [ 35.0 % ( 7/20 ) , 25.0 % ( 5/20 ) , 20.0 % ( 4/20 ) ] and improving 3-day shock recovery rate [ 40.0 % ( 8/20 ) , 70.0 % ( 14/20 ) , 60.0 % ( 12/20 ) , all P > 0.05 ] .
CONCLUSIONS	Sini decoction could elevate cortisol while lower ACTH at the early stage of sepsis .
CONCLUSIONS	Sini decoction could also effectively improve symptoms and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function in septic patients without affecting death rate .

###24473153
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the efficacy of pregabalin for the relief of postoperative shoulder pain after laparoscopic gynecologic surgery .
METHODS	Prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial ( Canadian Task Force classification I ) .
METHODS	Tertiary referral center , university hospital .
METHODS	Fifty-six women undergoing elective laparoscopic gynecologic surgery between June 2012 and March 2013 .
METHODS	Women in the study group received 75 mg pregabalin 2 hours before surgery and then every 12 hours for 2 doses , and women in the control group received an identical capsule and the same dosage of placebo .
RESULTS	Visual analog scale ( VAS ) scores for shoulder pain and surgical pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery were evaluated as primary outcome .
RESULTS	Postoperative analgesics used and drug-related adverse events were also monitored .
RESULTS	Patients in the pregabalin group had significantly lower postoperative VAS scores for shoulder pain at 24 hours , compared with the placebo group ( median , 23.14 [ range , 13.67-32 .61 ] vs. 37.22 [ 27.75-46 .64 ] ; p = .04 ) , and required less analgesic ( p = .01 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in VAS scores for surgical pain and adverse events between the 2 groups ( p = .56 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Perioperative administration of 75 mg pregabalin significantly reduced postoperative laparoscopic shoulder pain and amount of analgesic used .

###25614898
OBJECTIVE	With technological advances in NICUs the survival rate of preterm infants has been increased .
OBJECTIVE	Because NICU environment is a potent source of stress for infants , its modification is an essential measure to decrease infants ' morbidity .
OBJECTIVE	The purposes of this study were to compare the effects of wearing earmuff and provision silence for infants on their motor responses and gaining weight .
METHODS	In a randomized clinical trial 96 preterm infants were enrolled .
METHODS	Their motor responses were evaluated for two consecutive days in the morning and afternoon shifts , in the groups of earmuff and silence , and at similar time points in the control group .
METHODS	Also their weight was measured at days 1 and 10 .
RESULTS	In the two intervention groups , means of motor responses in infants were significantly less than in the control group , and weight gain of infants was more than the control group .
RESULTS	However weight gain was more pronounced in the earmuff group .
CONCLUSIONS	Both interventions led to decreasing number of motor responses and improvement of weight gain pattern , but these effects were more pronounced in earmuff group ; thus because implementation of silence in NICUs has many barriers , it is suggested to use earmuff for preterm infants in these units .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial obtained IRCT registration number IRCT2012092010812N2 .

###24606865
BACKGROUND	Unlike free pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines ( PPSVs ) , pneumococcal conjugate vaccines ( PCVs ) induce a T-cell-dependent immune response .
BACKGROUND	The study assessed potential influence of initial 13-valent PCV ( PCV13 ) or 23-valent PPSV ( PPSV23 ) on subsequent vaccine administrations .
METHODS	We conducted a randomized , modified double-blind study in 720 pneumococcal vaccine-nave adults 60-64 years of age .
METHODS	Subjects received either PCV13 at year 0 and PCV13 at year 1 ; PCV13 at year 0 and PPSV23 at year 1 ; or PPSV23 at year 0 and PCV13 at year 1 .
METHODS	Antipneumococcal opsonophagocytic activity ( OPA ) titers were measured before and 1 month after each vaccination .
RESULTS	OPA titers following PPSV23 given 1 year after PCV13 ( PCV13/PPSV23 ) ( a ) were noninferior for the 12 common serotypes and significantly higher for 6 of 12 common serotypes than those following only an initial PPSV23 ; and ( b ) were significantly higher for 11 of 12 common serotypes compared with PPSV23 followed by PCV13 ( PPSV23/PCV13 ) .
RESULTS	In addition , PPSV23 followed 1 year later by PCV13 ( PPSV23/PCV13 ) elicited significantly lower OPA titers than after only an initial dose of PCV13 for all 13 serotypes .
RESULTS	Responses after a second vaccination with either PCV13 ( PCV13/PCV13 ) or PPSV23 ( PCV13/PPSV23 ) were noninferior for 9 of 13 and 8 of 12 common serotypes compared with the initial PCV13 dose .
CONCLUSIONS	In pneumococcal vaccine-nave adults 60-64 years of age , an initial PCV13 augmented the antipneumococcal response to subsequent administration of PPSV23 for many of the serotypes in common to both vaccines .
CONCLUSIONS	In contrast , an initial PPSV23 resulted in a diminished response to subsequent administration of PCV13 for all serotypes .
CONCLUSIONS	With a relatively short 1-year interval between doses , responses after a second vaccination with PCV13 ( PCV13/PCV13 ) or PPSV23 ( PCV13/PPSV23 ) were noninferior for a majority of serotypes compared with the initial PCV13 dose , probably reflecting the need for a longer interval between vaccine administrations .
CONCLUSIONS	ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT00574548 .

###25356603
BACKGROUND	Nilotinib and dasatinib have shown superior rates of molecular response ( MR ) compared to imatinib for the treatment of newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) in chronic phase ( CP ) .
BACKGROUND	This study indirectly compares MR in patients taking nilotinib 300mg bid with that in those taking dasatinib 100mg qd by 12 months and through 48 months .
METHODS	Patients in ENESTnd were re-weighted to match published baseline characteristics reported for DASISION using a propensity score model .
METHODS	After matching , differences in rates of major MR ( MMR , measured as a 3log reduction on the International Scale [ IS ] ) , MR ( 4.0 ) ( 4log reduction on IS ) , and MR ( 4.5 ) ( 4.5 log reduction on IS ) relative to imatinib were indirectly compared between nilotinib and dasatinib .
METHODS	Hazard ratios ( HRs ) were used to indirectly compare MR outcomes between nilotinib and dasatinib through 48 months of follow-up , while rate differences were used to compare progression to AP/BC between nilotinib and dasatinib by 48 months .
RESULTS	After matching , rates of MR by 12 months were higher with nilotinib vs dasatinib by 11.7 % for MMR ( p = 0.045 ) , 8.2 % for MR ( 4.0 ) ( p = 0.029 ) , and 8.5 % for MR ( 4.5 ) ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Higher rates of MMR ( HR = 1.44 , p = 0.018 ) and MR ( 4.0 ) ( HR = 1.58 , p = 0.013 ) achievement were maintained with nilotinib compared to dasatinib through 48 months of follow-up .
RESULTS	No statistically significant differences were observed for MR ( 4.5 ) through 48 months or progression to AP/BC by 48 months .
CONCLUSIONS	LIMITATIONS include comparisons based solely on indirect evidence and HRs for MR ( 4.0 ) and MR ( 4.5 ) from the DASISION trial being extracted from cumulative incidence curves .
CONCLUSIONS	This indirect comparison suggests that nilotinib is associated with higher rates of achieving MMR , MR ( 4.0 ) , and MR ( 4.5 ) by 12 months compared to dasatinib for the treatment of newly diagnosed CML-CP .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , higher rates of MR achievement with nilotinib were also maintained through 48 months of follow-up .

###24898574
BACKGROUND	Motor cortex excitability was found to be changed after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ( rTMS ) of the temporal cortex highlighting the occurrence of cross-modal plasticity in non-invasive brain stimulation .
BACKGROUND	Here , we investigated the effects of temporal low-frequency rTMS on motor cortex plasticity in a large sample of tinnitus patients .
BACKGROUND	In 116 patients with chronic tinnitus different parameters of cortical excitability were assessed before and after ten rTMS treatment sessions .
BACKGROUND	Patients received one of three different protocols all including 1 Hz rTMS over the left temporal cortex .
BACKGROUND	Treatment response was defined as improvement by at least five points in the tinnitus questionnaire ( TQ ) .
BACKGROUND	Variables of interest were resting motor threshold ( RMT ) , short-interval intra-cortical inhibition ( SICI ) , intracortical facilitation ( ICF ) , and cortical silent period ( CSP ) .
RESULTS	After rTMS treatment RMT was decreased by about 1 % of stimulator output near-significantly in the whole group of patients .
RESULTS	SICI was associated with significant changes with respect to treatment response .
RESULTS	The group of treatment responders showed a decrease of SICI over the course of treatment , the group of non-responders the reverse pattern .
CONCLUSIONS	Minor RMT changes during rTMS treatment do not necessarily suggest the need for systematic re-examination of the RMT for safety and efficacy issues .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment response to rTMS was shown to be related to changes in SICI that might reflect modulation of GABAergic mechanisms directly or indirectly related to rTMS treatment effects .

###24712378
BACKGROUND	Fibre intake among North Americans is currently less than half the recommended amount .
BACKGROUND	Consumers are interested in food products that could promote weight loss and improve health .
BACKGROUND	Consequently , evaluation of unique fibre sources with potential gut-mediated benefits for metabolic health warrants investigation .
BACKGROUND	Our objective is to assess the effects of yellow pea fibre supplementation on weight loss and gut microbiota in an overweight and obese adult population .
METHODS	In a double blind , placebo controlled , parallel group study , overweight and obese ( BMI = 25-38 ) adults will be randomized to either a 15 g/d yellow pea fibre supplemented group or isocaloric placebo group for 12 weeks ( n = 30/group ) .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure is a change in body fat from baseline to 12 weeks .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes include glucose tolerance , appetite regulation , serum lipids and inflammatory markers .
METHODS	Anthropometric data ( height , weight , BMI , and waist circumference ) and food intake ( by 3-day weighed food records ) will be measured at baseline and every 4 weeks thereafter .
METHODS	Subjective ratings of appetite will be recorded by participants at home on a weekly basis using validated visual analogue scales .
METHODS	At week 0 and at the end of the study ( week 12 ) , an ad libitum lunch buffet protocol for objective food intake measures and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry ( DXA ) scan for body composition will be completed .
METHODS	Participants will be instructed not to change their exercise habits during the 12 week study .
METHODS	Glucose and insulin will be measured during an oral glucose tolerance test at weeks 0 and 12 .
METHODS	Levels of lipids and CRP will be measured and inflammatory markers ( adiponectin , leptin , TNF - , IL-6 and IL-8 ) in the serum will be quantified using Milliplex kits .
METHODS	Mechanisms related to changes in gut microbiota , serum and fecal water metabolomics will be assessed .
CONCLUSIONS	Globally the development of functional foods and functional food ingredients are critically needed to curb the rise in metabolic disease .
CONCLUSIONS	This project will assess the potential of yellow pea fibre to improve weight control via gut-mediated changes in metabolic health in overweight and obese adults .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT01719900 ) Registered October 23 , 2012 .

###24641687
OBJECTIVE	The effect of oral anxiolytics in diminishing patient discomfort and pain perception has been demonstrated in GI endoscopy , percutaneous coronary interventions , and various procedures in the emergency department setting , but has not been prospectively studied in the setting of prostate biopsy .
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of diazepam on pain perception during and after prostate biopsy .
METHODS	Sixty patients undergoing prostate biopsy at a single academic institution were enrolled into a prospective , randomized , placebo-controlled study .
METHODS	A questionnaire was administered prebiopsy to determine baseline discomfort and pain history .
METHODS	A visual analog pain scale was used to determine pain associated with each step of the transrectal Ultrasonography-guided prostate biopsy and was administered 20 minutes after biopsy and 1 week later .
METHODS	Responses were compared between groups using the Mann-Whitney U test , Fisher exact test , and Wilcoxon signed rank test as appropriate .
RESULTS	A total of 60 patients ( 29 diazepam , 31 placebo ) completed pre - and postbiopsy surveys for analysis .
RESULTS	The number of cores sampled during biopsy was controlled during analysis and was found to have no correlation with total pain measured .
RESULTS	There were no differences between diazepam and placebo groups in age , prebiopsy survey results , immediate and 1 week postbiopsy survey results .
RESULTS	There was no difference in the patients ' willingness to undergo a repeated procedure in the control and treatment groups .
RESULTS	Complications of taking diazepam prebiopsy included drowsiness , chills , and ankle injury .
CONCLUSIONS	Diazepam does not improve patient pain perception immediately after or at 1-week recall after prostate biopsy .
CONCLUSIONS	Omitting diazepam simplifies the biopsy regimen and allows the patient to drive himself home .
CONCLUSIONS	Based on these results , routine use of diazepam in prostate biopsy is not recommended .

###25499162
BACKGROUND	External trigeminal nerve stimulation ( eTNS ) is an emerging noninvasive therapy for drug-resistant epilepsy ( DRE ) .
BACKGROUND	We report the long-term safety and efficacy of eTNS after completion of a phase II randomized controlled clinical trial for drug-resistant epilepsy .
METHODS	This was a prospective open-label long-term study .
METHODS	Subjects who completed the phase II randomized controlled trial of eTNS for DRE were offered long-term follow-up for 1year .
METHODS	Subjects who were originally randomized to control settings were crossed over to effective device parameters ( 30s on , 30s off , pulse duration of 250s , frequency of 120Hz ) .
METHODS	Efficacy was assessed using last observation carried forward or parametric imputation methods for missing data points .
METHODS	Outcomes included change in median seizure frequency , RRATIO , and 50 % responder rate .
RESULTS	Thirty-five of 50 subjects from the acute double-blind randomized controlled study continued in the long-term study .
RESULTS	External trigeminal nerve stimulation was well tolerated .
RESULTS	No serious device-related adverse events occurred through 12months of long-term treatment .
RESULTS	At six and twelve months , the median seizure frequency for the original treatment group decreased by -2.39 seizures per month at 6 months ( -27.4 % ) and -3.03 seizures per month at 12 months ( -34.8 % ) , respectively , from the initial baseline ( p < 0.05 , signed-rank test ) .
RESULTS	The 50 % responder rates at three , six , and twelve months were 36.8 % for the treatment group and 30.6 % for all subjects .
CONCLUSIONS	The results provide long-term evidence that external trigeminal nerve stimulation is a safe and promising long-term treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy .

###24555998
OBJECTIVE	The antiviral efficacy of nucleos ( t ) ide analogues whose main limitation is relapse after discontinuation requires long-term therapy .
OBJECTIVE	To overcome the risk of relapse and virological breakthrough during long-term therapy , we performed a phase I/II , open , prospective , multicentre trial using a HBV envelope-expressing DNA vaccine .
METHODS	70 patients treated effectively with nucleos ( t ) ide analogues for a median of 3years ( HBV DNA < 12IU/mL for at least 12months ) were randomised into two groups : one received five intramuscular injections of vaccine ( weeks 0 , 8 , 16 , 40 and 44 ) and one did not receive the vaccine .
METHODS	Analogues were stopped after an additional 48weeks of treatment in patients who maintained HBV DNA < 12IU/mL with no clinical progression and monthly HBV DNA for 6months .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was defined as viral reactivation at week 72 ( HBV DNA > 120IU/mL ) or impossibility of stopping treatment at week 48 .
RESULTS	Reactivation occurred in 97 % of each group after a median 28days without liver failure but with an HBV DNA < 2000IU/mL in 33 % ; 99 % of adverse reactions were mild to moderate .
RESULTS	Immune responses were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot and proliferation assays : there was no difference in the percentage of patients with interferon - secreting cells and a specific T-cell proliferation to HBcAg but not to HBsAg after reactivation in each group .
CONCLUSIONS	Although it is fairly well tolerated , the HBV DNA vaccine does not decrease the risk of relapse in HBV-treated patients or the rate of virological breakthrough , and does not restore the anti-HBV immune response despite effective viral suppression by analogues .
BACKGROUND	NCT00536627 .

###24986816
OBJECTIVE	At present , there is debate about the gastrointestinal effects of A1-type beta-casein protein in cows ' milk compared with the progenitor A2 type .
OBJECTIVE	In vitro and animal studies suggest that digestion of A1 but not A2 beta-casein affects gastrointestinal motility and inflammation through the release of beta-casomorphin-7 .
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to evaluate differences in gastrointestinal effects in a human adult population between milk containing A1 versus A2 beta-casein .
METHODS	Forty-one females and males were recruited into this double-blinded , randomised 8-week cross-over study .
METHODS	Participants underwent a 2-week dairy washout ( rice milk replaced dairy ) , followed by 2 weeks of milk ( 750ml/day ) that contained beta-casein of either A1 or A2 type before undergoing a second washout followed by a final 2 weeks of the alternative A1 or A2 type milk .
RESULTS	The A1 beta-casein milk led to significantly higher stool consistency values ( Bristol Stool Scale ) compared with the A2 beta-casein milk .
RESULTS	There was also a significant positive association between abdominal pain and stool consistency on the A1 diet ( r = 0.520 , P = 0.001 ) , but not the A2 diet ( r = -0.13 , P = 0.43 ) .
RESULTS	The difference between these two correlations ( 0.52 versus -0.13 ) was highly significant ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Furthermore , some individuals may be susceptible to A1 beta-casein , as evidenced by higher faecal calprotectin values and associated intolerance measures .
CONCLUSIONS	These preliminary results suggest differences in gastrointestinal responses in some adult humans consuming milk containing beta-casein of either the A1 or the A2 beta-casein type , but require confirmation in a larger study of participants with perceived intolerance to ordinary A1 beta-casein-containing milk .

###24425854
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether daily irrigation with sterile saline solution during silicone hydrogel ( SiH ) contact lens continuous wear ( CW ) can mitigate increases in corneal epithelial permeability ( Pdc ) and reduce the risk of adverse events .
METHODS	In this study , 161 non-contact lens wearers were fit with SiH contact lenses and randomized to either a treatment ( n = 81 ) or control ( n = 80 ) group for 30-day CW .
METHODS	Subjects in the treatment group irrigated every morning and whenever dryness symptoms occurred ; subjects in the control group did not .
METHODS	Mixed effects models were employed to assess the changes in Pdc , and survival analysis methods were employed to estimate the risk for adverse events .
RESULTS	Epithelial permeability increased over 30-day CW with SiH lenses ( P = 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Risk of inflammatory ( odds ratio [ OR ] = 1.94 ) and lens-induced ( OR = 1.90 ) adverse events increased with irrigation ; these events also occurred sooner , on average , in the irrigation group .
RESULTS	Although the overall risk for Asians was higher than for non-Asians , irrigation had no significant impact on risk among Asians , but significantly increased risk among non-Asians .
CONCLUSIONS	Thirty-day CW results in a measurable increase in epithelial permeability .
CONCLUSIONS	Risk of inflammatory and lens-induced adverse events also increase over time during CW .
CONCLUSIONS	Daily irrigation with sterile saline solution did not mitigate increases in epithelial permeability or decrease risk of adverse events .

###25524831
BACKGROUND	We aimed to detail the effects of hydroxyethyl starch ( HES ) vs. Ringer 's on kidney function including the interaction with mortality in post-hoc analyses as resuscitation with HES 130/0 .42 increased mortality in the Scandinavian Starch for Severe Sepsis/Septic Shock ( 6S ) trial .
METHODS	In all 798 randomised patients , we assessed the incidence and effect on mortality of acute kidney injury ( AKI ) in the HES vs. Ringer 's acetate groups using the Kidney Disease : Improving Global Outcome criteria .
METHODS	We also assessed the intervention effect on time to and duration of renal replacement therapy ( RRT ) .
RESULTS	At baseline , the intervention groups were similar .
RESULTS	The maximal AKI stage was higher in the HES vs. Ringer 's group within the first 5 days after randomisation ( P = 0.03 ) , the average difference being 0.2 points ( P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	An increase in AKI stage was associated with mortality ( hazard ratio ( HR ) 1.35 ; 95 % CI 1.22 to 1.49 ; P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	Significantly , more patients in the HES group received RRT within the first 5 days ( P = 0.01 ) , and the time to initiation of RRT was also shorter compared with the Ringer 's group ( HR 1.40 ; 95 % CI 1.01-1 .93 ; P = 0.04 ) .
RESULTS	The intervention effect of HES on mortality was reduced when adjusting for AKI stage as a time-dependent covariate ( P = 0.15 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with severe sepsis , HES appeared to increase the rate of severe AKI and use of RRT within the first 5 days .
CONCLUSIONS	The increased mortality observed with HES may have been partly mediated through acute kidney impairment .

###24733191
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy and safety of Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F ( TwHF ) with methotrexate ( MTX ) in the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) .
METHODS	Design : a multicentre , open-label , randomised controlled trial .
METHODS	All patients were assessed by trained investigators who were unaware of the therapeutic regimen .
METHODS	207 patients with active RA were randomly allocated ( 1:1:1 ) to treatment with MTX 12.5 mg once a week , or TwHF 20mg three times a day , or the two in combination .
METHODS	At week 12 , if reduction of the 28-joint count Disease Activity Score ( DAS28 ) was < 30 % in the monotherapy groups , the patient was switched to MTX+T wHF .
METHODS	The primary efficacy point was the proportion of patients achieving an American College of Rheumatology ( ACR ) 50 response at week 24 .
RESULTS	174/207 ( 84.1 % ) patients completed 24weeks of the trial .
RESULTS	In an intention-to-treat analysis , the proportion of patients reaching the ACR50 response criteria was 46.4 % ( 32/69 ) , 55.1 % ( 38/69 ) and 76.8 % ( 53/69 ) , respectively , in the MTX , TwHF and MTX+T wHF groups ( TwHF vs MTX monotherapy , p = 0.014 ; MTX+T wHF vs MTX monotherapy , p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Similar statistically significant patterns at week 24 were found for ACR20 , ACR70 , clinical Disease Activity Index good responses , EULAR good response , remission rate and low disease activity rate .
RESULTS	Significant improvement in the Health Assessment Questionnaire and 36-item Short-Form Health Survey questionnaire scores from baseline to week 24 was seen in each treatment arm ( p < 0.05 ) , though no significant difference was found among the treatment arms ( p > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The result of per-protocol analysis agreed with that seen in the intention-to-treat analysis .
RESULTS	Seven , three and five women in the TwHF , MTX and combination groups , respectively , developed irregular menstruation ( TwHF vs MTX monotherapy , p = 0.216 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	TwHF monotherapy was not inferior to , and MTX+T wHF was better than , MTX monotherapy in controlling disease activity in patients with active RA .
BACKGROUND	NCT01613079 .

###25485857
BACKGROUND	Fibromyalgia is a chronic musculoskeletal pain syndrome characterized by a broad spectrum of manifestations .
BACKGROUND	Patients with fibromyalgia frequently suffer from manifestations similar to those experienced by patients with gluten-related disorders raising the possibility that some patients with fibromyalgia could suffer from underlying gluten sensitivity .
OBJECTIVE	This study aims to assess whether avoiding gluten among patients with fibromyalgia and gluten sensitivity is beneficial .
METHODS	Adult patients with fibromyalgia presenting gluten sensitivity symptoms are randomly allocated to receive gluten-free diet or hypocaloric diet for 24 weeks .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure is the mean change in the number of experienced gluten sensitivity symptoms .
METHODS	Secondary outcome measures include the mean changes in the body mass index , Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire , Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index , Brief Pain Inventory , Beck Depression Inventory-II , State-Trait Anxiety Inventory , Short-Form Health Survey and Patient Global Impression Scale of Severity .
METHODS	Other secondary outcome measures include the frequency of potential adverse events and the proportion of responders according to the Patient Global Impression Scale of Improvement .
CONCLUSIONS	Previous studies assessing dietary interventions in fibromyalgia primarily evaluated their effects on the severity and impact of fibromyalgia symptoms and pain .
CONCLUSIONS	The current study is the first to evaluate the effects of gluten-free diet on the gluten sensitivity symptoms experienced by patients with fibromyalgia .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of this study will contribute to a better understanding of the potential role of gluten sensitivity in fibromyalgia .

###25615001
BACKGROUND	Primary medication nonadherence ( PMN ) , defined as patients not picking up an initial prescription , can limit the effectiveness of therapy for chronic conditions .
BACKGROUND	Effective interventions to reduce PMN have not been widely studied or implemented .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the ability of an additional nurse-directed telephone intervention to reduce PMN in a cohort of patients with persistent nonadherence after repeated pharmacy-based outreach .
METHODS	Patients in the Geisinger Health System receiving new ( i.e. , initially prescribed ) prescriptions sent to CVS pharmacies for medications treating asthma , hypertension , diabetes , or hyperlipidemia were identified .
METHODS	As part of existing programs , all patients received 2 automated and 1 live call from CVS pharmacies encouraging them to pick up their prescriptions ; those who had canceled their prescriptions or had not picked them up after the 3 pharmacy interventions were eligible for this study .
METHODS	Patients were then randomized , and the intervention group received telephone outreach from a nursing call center to assess reasons for PMN and encourage pickup of prescriptions , with up to 3 attempts to reach each patient .
METHODS	Medication pickup rates were compared across the intervention and control groups .
RESULTS	Initial PMN rates in the overall population were 6 % , lower than previously observed in other studies .
RESULTS	A total of 290 patients had not picked up their prescriptions after 3 calls from the pharmacy and were enrolled in the study : 142 in the intervention group and 148 controls .
RESULTS	The intervention did not change the rate at which patients picked up their prescriptions : 25 % of intervention patients did so compared with 24 % of control patients .
RESULTS	Multivariate models adjusting for patient characteristics and medication classes did not change the results .
CONCLUSIONS	In a population of patients who had not picked up new prescriptions after 3 calls from the pharmacy , additional nurse-directed outreach did not improve primary medication adherence .
CONCLUSIONS	Re-engagement with the prescribing clinician may be needed to improve adherence in this patient population .
CONCLUSIONS	The low rate of PMN in the overall population differed from prior studies in this setting and others and should be assessed in future research .

###24934893
BACKGROUND	Small studies have yielded divergent results for administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor ( G-CSF ) after acute myocardial infarction .
BACKGROUND	Adequately powered studies involving patients with at least moderate left ventricular dysfunction are lacking .
METHODS	Patients with left ventricular ejection fraction less than 45 % after anterior-wall myocardial infarction were treated with G-CSF ( 10 g/kg daily for 4 days ) or placebo .
METHODS	After initial randomization of 86 patients , 41 in the placebo group and 39 in the G-CSF group completed 6-month follow-up and underwent measurement of left ventricular ejection fraction by radionuclide angiography .
RESULTS	Baseline and 6-week mean ejection fraction was similar for the G-CSF and placebo groups : 34.8 % ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 32.6 % -37.0 % ) v. 36.4 % ( 95 % CI 33.5 % -39.2 % ) at baseline and 39.8 % ( 95 % CI 36.2 % -43.4 % ) v. 43.1 % ( 95 % CI 39.2 % -47.0 % ) at 6 weeks .
RESULTS	However , G-CSF therapy was associated with a lower ejection fraction at 6 months relative to placebo ( 40.8 % [ 95 % CI 37.4 % -44.2 % ] v. 46.0 % [ 95 % CI 42.7 % -44.3 % ] ) .
RESULTS	Both groups had improved left ventricular function , but change in left ventricular ejection fraction was lower in patients treated with G-CSF than in those who received placebo ( 5.7 [ 95 % CI 3.4-8 .1 ] percentage points v. 9.2 [ 95 % CI 6.3-12 .1 ] percentage points ) .
RESULTS	One or more of a composite of several major adverse cardiac events occurred in 8 patients ( 19 % ) within each group , with similar rates of target-vessel revascularization .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with moderate left ventricular dysfunction following anterior-wall infarction , G-CSF therapy was associated with a lower 6-month left ventricular ejection fraction but no increased risk of major adverse cardiac events .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies of G-CSF in patients with left ventricular dysfunction should be monitored closely for safety .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov , no .
BACKGROUND	NCT00394498 .

###25439611
OBJECTIVE	To examine the long-term effect of donor diabetes history on graft failure and endothelial cell density ( ECD ) after penetrating keratoplasty ( PK ) in the Cornea Donor Study .
METHODS	Multicenter , prospective , double-masked , controlled clinical trial .
METHODS	One thousand ninety subjects undergoing PK for a moderate risk condition , principally Fuchs ' dystrophy or pseudophakic or aphakic corneal edema , were enrolled by 105 surgeons from 80 clinical sites in the United States .
METHODS	Corneas from donors 12 to 75 years of age were assigned by 43 eye banks to participants without respect to recipient factors .
METHODS	Donor and recipient diabetes status was determined from existing medical records .
METHODS	Images of the central endothelium were obtained before surgery ( baseline ) and at intervals for 10 years after surgery and were analyzed by a central image analysis reading center to determine ECD .
METHODS	Time to graft failure ( regraft or cloudy cornea for 3 consecutive months ) and ECD .
RESULTS	There was no statistically significant association of donor diabetes history with 10-year graft failure , baseline ECD , 10-year ECD , or ECD values longitudinally over time in unadjusted analyses , nor after adjusting for donor age and other significant covariates .
RESULTS	The 10-year graft failure rate was 23 % in the 199 patients receiving a cornea from a donor with diabetes versus 26 % in the 891 patients receiving a cornea from a donor without diabetes ( 95 % confidence interval for the difference , -10 % to 6 % ; unadjusted P = 0.60 ) .
RESULTS	Baseline ECD ( P = 0.71 ) , 10-year ECD ( P > 0.99 ) , and changes in ECD over 10 years ( P = 0.86 ) were similar comparing donor groups with and without diabetes .
CONCLUSIONS	The study results do not suggest an association between donor diabetes and PK outcome .
CONCLUSIONS	However , the assessment of donor diabetes was imprecise and based on historical data only .
CONCLUSIONS	The increasing frequency of diabetes in the aging population in the United States affects the donor pool .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , the impact of donor diabetes on long-term endothelial health after PK or endothelial keratoplasty , or both , warrants further study with more precise measures of diabetes and its complications .

###24268210
BACKGROUND	Although high-sensitivity cardiac troponin ( hs-cTn ) substantially improves the early detection of myocardial injury , it lacks specificity for acute myocardial infarction ( MI ) .
BACKGROUND	In suspected non-ST-elevation MI , invasive coronary angiography ( ICA ) remains necessary to distinguish between acute MI and noncoronary myocardial disease ( eg , myocarditis ) , unnecessarily subjecting the latter to ICA and associated complications .
BACKGROUND	This trial investigates whether implementing cardiovascular magnetic resonance ( CMR ) or computed tomography angiography ( CTA ) early in the diagnostic process may help to differentiate between coronary and noncoronary myocardial disease , thereby preventing unnecessary ICA .
METHODS	In this prospective , single-center , randomized controlled clinical trial , 321 consecutive patients with acute chest pain , elevated hs-cTnT , and nondiagnostic electrocardiogram are randomized to 1 of 3 strategies : ( 1 ) CMR , or ( 2 ) CTA early in the diagnostic process , or ( 3 ) routine clinical management .
METHODS	In the 2 investigational arms of the study , results of CMR or CTA will guide further clinical management .
METHODS	It is expected that noncoronary myocardial disease is detected more frequently after early noninvasive imaging as compared with routine clinical management , and unnecessary ICA will be prevented .
METHODS	The primary end point is the total number of patients undergoing ICA during initial admission .
METHODS	Secondary end points are 30-day and 1-year clinical outcome ( major adverse cardiac events and major procedure-related complications ) , time to final diagnosis , quality of life , and cost-effectiveness .
CONCLUSIONS	The CARMENTA trial investigates whether implementing CTA or CMR early in the diagnostic process in suspected non-ST-elevation MI based on elevated hs-cTnT can prevent unnecessary ICA as compared with routine clinical management , with no detrimental effect on clinical outcome .

###25402168
OBJECTIVE	Biomarkers can provide objective measures of dietary exposure , but their relationship with dietary intake in different populations needs to be characterized .
OBJECTIVE	This study aimed to determine the association between C14 :0 , C15 :0 and C17 :0 and children 's dairy fat intake , and to ascertain whether these fatty acids can be used as biomarkers for detecting change in dairy fat intake .
METHODS	Data from a randomized controlled trial ( 114 healthy children of 4-13 years of age ) was used .
METHODS	The intervention was a replacement of regular-fat dairy foods with reduced-fat or low-fat items .
METHODS	Serum fatty acid composition was measured and dairy intake was assessed via 3 24-hour diet recalls at baseline and at 12 weeks ( the end of the intervention ) .
METHODS	Correlation analysis was used to evaluate the relationship between dietary intake and fatty acids at baseline and at week 12 , and for the change in biomarkers and diet between these time points .
RESULTS	Total dairy fat intake correlated with C14 :0 , C15 :0 and C17 :0 at baseline ( n = 114 ; r = 0.24 ; r = 0.42 ; r = 0.25 respectively , all p < 0.05 ) , but not at week 12 .
RESULTS	The change in the total amount of dairy fat ( g/day ) after 12 weeks was associated with a change in serum C15 :0 ( n = 59 ; r = 0.27 ; p = 0.04 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	C15 :0 is a useful biomarker of dairy fat intake in children and can detect short-term changes in the absolute intake of dairy fat .

###24767003
BACKGROUND	The intravenous administration of scopolamine produces rapid antidepressant effects .
BACKGROUND	Generally , failing multiple previous antidepressant trials is associated with a poor prognosis for response to future medications .
BACKGROUND	This study evaluated whether treatment history predicts antidepressant response to scopolamine .
METHODS	Treatment resistant patients ( 2 failed medication trials ) ( n = 31 ) and treatment nave patients ( no exposure to psychotropic medication ) ( n = 31 ) with recurrent major depressive or bipolar disorder participated in a double-blind , placebo-controlled , crossover clinical trial .
METHODS	Following a placebo lead-in , participants randomly received P/S or S/P ( P = 3 placebo ; S = 3 scopolamine ( 4ug/kg ) sessions 3 to 5 days apart ) .
METHODS	The Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale ( MADRS ) was the primary outcome measure .
METHODS	A linear mixed model was used to examine the interaction between clinical response and treatment history , adjusting for baseline MADRS .
RESULTS	Treatment resistant and treatment nave subjects combined responded significantly to scopolamine compared to placebo ( F = 15.06 , p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Reduction in depressive symptoms was significant by the first post-scopolamine session ( F = 42.75 , p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	A treatment history by scopolamine session interaction ( F = 3.37 , p = 0.04 ) indicated treatment nave subjects had lower MADRS scores than treatment resistant patients ; this was significant after the second scopolamine infusion ( t = 2.15 , p = 0.03 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Post-hoc analysis : Also , we used a single regimen to administer scopolamine , and smokers were excluded from the sample , limiting generalizability .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment nave and treatment resistant patients showed improved clinical symptoms following scopolamine , while those who were treatment nave showed greater improvement .
CONCLUSIONS	Scopolamine rapidly reduces symptoms in both treatment history groups , and demonstrates sustained improvement even in treatment resistant patients .

###24949564
BACKGROUND	Heavy drinking smokers constitute a sizeable and hard-to-treat subgroup of smokers , for whom tailored smoking cessation therapies are not yet available .
OBJECTIVE	The present study used a double-blind , randomized , 22 medication design , testing varenicline alone ( VAR ; 1mg twice daily ) , naltrexone alone ( NTX ; 25mg once daily ) , varenicline plus naltrexone , and placebo for effects on neural activation to cigarette cues in a sample ( n = 40 ) of heavy drinking daily smokers ( 10 cigarettes/day ) .
METHODS	All participants were tested after a 10-12-day titration period designed to reach steady state on the target medication .
METHODS	Participants underwent functional neuroimaging ( fMRI ) for examination of brain responses to visual smoking-related ( vs. neutral ) cues .
RESULTS	Region of interest ( ROI ) analyses of brain responses to Cigarette vs. Neutral Cues indicated that the combination of VAR+NTX was associated with reduced activation of the bilateral anterior cingulate cortex as compared to placebo and to NTX alone .
RESULTS	Exploratory whole-brain analyses also indicated significant differences in brain activation during cigarette cues in the active medications versus placebo condition .
RESULTS	All medications suppressed left nucleus accumbens activation relative to placebo , suggesting the possibility that both medications , either alone or in combination , reduce neural signals associated with appetitive behavior .
CONCLUSIONS	Although preliminary , these neuroimaging findings indicate that clinical studies of the combination of VAR+NTX for heavy drinkers trying to quit smoking may be warranted .

###25456363
BACKGROUND	Poor prognosis germ-cell tumours are only cured in about half of patients .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to assess whether treatment intensification based on an early tumour marker decline will improve progression-free survival for patients with germ-cell tumours .
METHODS	In this phase 3 , multicentre , randomised trial , patients were enrolled from France ( 20 centres ) , USA ( one centre ) , and Slovakia ( one centre ) .
METHODS	Patients were eligible if they were older than 16 years , had evidence of testicular , retroperitoneal , or mediastinal non-seminomatous germ cell tumours based on histological findings or clinical evidence and highly elevated serum human chorionic gonadotropin or alfa-fetoprotein concentrations that matched International Germ Cell Cancer Consensus Group poor prognosis criteria .
METHODS	After one cycle of BEP ( intravenous cisplatin [ 20 mg/m ( 2 ) per day for 5 days ] , etoposide [ 100 mg/m ( 2 ) per day for 5 days ] , and intramuscular or intravenous bleomycin [ 30 mg per day on days 1 , 8 , and 15 ] ) , patients ' human chorionic gonadotropin and alfa-fetoprotein concentrations were measured at day 18-21 .
METHODS	Patients with a favourable decline in human chorionic gonadotropin and alfa-fetoprotein continued BEP ( Fav-BEP group ) for 3 additonal cycles , whereas patients with an unfavourable decline were randomly assigned ( 1:1 ) to receive either BEP ( Unfav-BEP group ) or a dose-dense regimen ( Unfav-dose-dense group ) , consisting of intravenous paclitaxel ( 175 mg/m ( 2 ) over 3 h on day 1 ) before BEP plus intravenous oxaliplatin ( 130 mg/m ( 2 ) over 3 h on day 10 ; two cycles ) , followed by intravenous cisplatin ( 100 mg/m ( 2 ) over 2 h on day 1 ) , intravenous ifosfamide ( 2 g/m ( 2 ) over 3 h on days 10 , 12 , and 14 ) , plus mesna ( 500 mg/m ( 2 ) at 0 , 3 , 7 and 11 h ) , and bleomycin ( 25 units per day , by continuous infusion for 5 days on days 10-14 ; two cycles ) , with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor ( lenograstim ) support .
METHODS	Centrally blocked computer-generated randomisation stratified by centre was used .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was progression-free survival and the efficacy analysis was done in the intention-to-treat population .
METHODS	The planned trial accrual was completed in May , 2012 , and follow-up is ongoing .
METHODS	This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00104676 .
RESULTS	Between Nov 28 , 2003 , and May 16 , 2012 , 263 patients were enrolled and 254 were available for tumour marker assessment .
RESULTS	Of these 51 ( 20 % ) had a favourable marker assessment , and 203 ( 80 % ) had an unfavourable tumour marker decline ; 105 were randomly assigned to the Unfav-dose-dense group and 98 to the Unfav-BEP group .
RESULTS	3-year progression-free survival was 59 % ( 95 % CI 49-68 ) in the Unfav-dose-dense group versus 48 % ( 38-59 ) in the Unfav-BEP group ( HR 066 , 95 % CI 044-100 , p = 005 ) .
RESULTS	3-year progression-free survival was 70 % ( 95 % CI 57-81 ) in the Fav-BEP group ( HR 066 , 95 % CI 049-088 , p = 001 for progression-free survival compared with the Unfav-BEP group ) .
RESULTS	More grade 3-4 neurotoxic events ( seven [ 7 % ] vs one [ 1 % ] ) and haematotoxic events occurred in the Unfav-dose-dense group compared with in the Unfav-BEP group ; there was no difference in grade 1-2 febrile neutropenia ( 18 [ 17 % ] vs 18 [ 18 % ] ) or toxic deaths ( one [ 1 % ] in both groups ) .
RESULTS	Salvage high-dose chemotherapy plus a stem-cell transplant was required in six ( 6 % ) patients in the Unfav-dose-dense group and 16 ( 16 % ) in the Unfav-BEP group .
CONCLUSIONS	Personalised treatment with chemotherapy intensification reduces the risk of progression or death in patients with poor prognosis germ-cell tumours and an unfavourable tumour marker decline .
BACKGROUND	Institut National du Cancer ( Programme Hospitalier de Recherche Clinique ) .

###24585267
OBJECTIVE	Diminished diuretic response is common in patients with acute heart failure , although a clinically useful definition is lacking .
OBJECTIVE	Our aim was to investigate a practical , workable metric for diuretic response , examine associated patient characteristics and relationships with outcome .
RESULTS	We examined diuretic response ( defined as weight kg/40 mg furosemide ) in 1745 hospitalized acute heart failure patients from the PROTECT trial .
RESULTS	Day 4 response was used to allow maximum differentiation in responsiveness and tailoring of diuretic doses to clinical response , following sensitivity analyses .
RESULTS	We investigated predictors of diuretic response and relationships with outcome .
RESULTS	The median diuretic response was -0.38 ( -0.80 to -0.13 ) kg/40 mg furosemide .
RESULTS	Poor diuretic response was independently associated with low systolic blood pressure , high blood urea nitrogen , diabetes , and atherosclerotic disease ( all P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Worse diuretic response independently predicted 180-day mortality ( HR : 1.42 ; 95 % CI : 1.11-1 .81 , P = 0.005 ) , 60-day death or renal or cardiovascular rehospitalization ( HR : 1.34 ; 95 % CI : 1.14-1 .59 , P < 0.001 ) and 60-day HF rehospitalization ( HR : 1.57 ; 95 % CI : 1.24-2 .01 , P < 0.001 ) in multivariable models .
RESULTS	The proposed metric-weight loss indexed to diuretic dose-better captures a dose-response relationship .
RESULTS	Model diagnostics showed diuretic response provided essentially the same or slightly better prognostic information compared with its individual components ( weight loss and diuretic dose ) in this population , while providing a less biased , more easily interpreted signal .
CONCLUSIONS	Worse diuretic response was associated with more advanced heart failure , renal impairment , diabetes , atherosclerotic disease and in-hospital worsening heart failure , and predicts mortality and heart failure rehospitalization in this post hoc , hypothesis-generating study .

###25315665
BACKGROUND	Calcium pyrophosphate deposition ( CPPD ) may cause severe arthropathy , major joint destruction and treatment options are limited .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to test the therapeutic efficacy of methotrexate ( MTX ) in chronic or recurrent CPPD arthropathy .
METHODS	Patients with CPPD arthropathy were randomized to receive either weekly subcutaneous injections of 15 mg/week of MTX or placebo ( PBO ) for three months , in a double-blind , crossover randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	Inclusion criteria comprised definite CPPD disease , recurrent arthritis or persistent polyarthritis , and an insufficient response to NSAIDs , glucocorticoids or colchicine .
METHODS	The primary outcome was an improvement in the disease activity scores based on 44 joints ( DAS44 ) .
METHODS	The analysis was performed on an intent-to-treat basis .
RESULTS	We randomized 26 patients , and compared 25 treatment periods on MTX with 21 treatment periods on PBO .
RESULTS	Baseline characteristics were balanced between the groups .
RESULTS	The evolution of the DAS44 was not statistically significantly different between groups ( median DAS44 decreased by -0.08 on MTX versus -0.13 on PBO , after three months , P = 0.44 ) .
RESULTS	Furthermore , pain levels remained stable in both groups ( median change in VAS Pain -1 unit on MTX and 0 on PBO , P = 0.43 ) , and none of the secondary outcomes was significantly different between the two groups .
RESULTS	Minor adverse events ( AE ) did not differ in frequency between the groups , but the only serious AE occurred on MTX ( bicytopenia ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of this trial with MTX in this older population with chronic or recurrent CPPD arthropathy suggest no strong effect of MTX on disease activity .
BACKGROUND	EudraCT No : 2007-003479-37 .
BACKGROUND	Registered 26 April 2008 .

###25061313
BACKGROUND	Systolic hypertension is the most common form of hypertension in elderly patients .
BACKGROUND	There is increasing evidence that measurement of central aortic pressure ( CAP ) better accounts for cardiovascular risk than brachial blood pressure ( BP ) .
BACKGROUND	The Aliskiren for GEriatric LowEring of SyStolic hypertension ( AGELESS ) study in elderly patients with systolic hypertension showed that aliskiren-based therapy provided greater reductions in peripheral BP than ramipril-based therapy over 12 and 36 weeks of treatment .
BACKGROUND	Here , we present CAP results in a substudy of elderly patients from the AGELESS study .
METHODS	This was a post hoc analysis of a 36-week , randomized , double-blind , parallel-group , active-controlled , optional-titration study in patients 65 years of age with systolic BP 140 mmHg .
METHODS	Changes in both central and peripheral BP and pulse pressure ( PP ) and changes in systolic and PP amplification ratios from baseline to the week 36 end point with aliskiren-based versus ramipril-based therapy were analyzed .
RESULTS	Of the 901 patients randomized in the overall study , 154 patients ( aliskiren , n = 78 ; ramipril , n = 76 ) had CAP data .
RESULTS	Numerically comparable reductions were seen for central aortic systolic pressure ( CASP ) in aliskiren-based therapy ( baseline : 143.715.0 ; week 36 : -20.316.2 ) compared with ramipril-based therapy ( baseline : 147.911.9 ; week 36 : -20.714.6 ) .
RESULTS	However , for the change in central aortic diastolic pressure , the least squares mean between-treatment difference ( -3.6 mmHg [ 95 % confidence interval , -6.76 , -0.43 ; P = 0.0263 ] ) was in favor of aliskiren , while the other changes were comparable between the two groups with a trend in favor of aliskiren for CASP as well ( -2.6 mmHg [ 95 % confidence interval , -7.38 , 2.19 ; P = 0.2855 ) ] .
RESULTS	Correlation coefficients for change from baseline between CASP and systolic BP and between central aortic pulse pressure and PP ( r = 0.8 , P < 0.0001 ) were highly significant .
CONCLUSIONS	Aliskiren-based therapy provides comparable reductions in CASP to ramipril-based therapy .
CONCLUSIONS	Although the results did not reach statistical significance , these findings , when coupled with those of the main study , suggest that aliskiren may offer effective control of central BP in elderly patients with systolic hypertension and may be a good alternative to ramipril .

###24655464
OBJECTIVE	Conduct a pilot trial testing whether a brief cognitive-behavioral ( CB ) group reduced depressive symptoms and secondary outcomes relative to bibliotherapy and brochure controls in college students with elevated depressive symptoms .
METHODS	82 college students ( M age = 19.0 , SD = 0.9 ; 70 % female , 80 % White ) with elevated self-assessed depressive symptoms were randomized to a 6-session CB group , bibliotherapy , or educational brochure control condition , completing assessments at pretest , posttest , and at 6 - and 12-month follow-up .
RESULTS	Planned contrasts found no significant effects for CB group on depressive symptoms compared to either bibliotherapy or brochure controls at posttest ( d = -.08 and .06 , respectively ) or over follow-up ( d = -.04 and -.10 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	There were no intervention effects for social adjustment and substance use , though CB group participants had improved knowledge of CB concepts at posttest , versus brochure controls .
RESULTS	Condition differences in major depression onset were nonsignificant but suggested support for CB interventions ( CB group = 7.4 % , bibliotherapy = 4.5 % , brochure control = 15.2 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Unexpectedly modest support was found for a brief CB group depression prevention intervention , compared to bibliotherapy or brochure control , when provided to self-selected college students , suggesting that alternative screening or interventions approaches are needed for this population .

###24876156
BACKGROUND	Sexual dysfunction ( SD ) affects up to 80 % of multiple sclerosis ( MS ) patients and pelvic floor muscles ( PFMs ) play an important role in the sexual function of these patients .
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this paper is to evaluate the impact of a rehabilitation program to treat lower urinary tract symptoms on SD of women with MS.
METHODS	Thirty MS women were randomly allocated to one of three groups : pelvic floor muscle training ( PFMT ) with electromyographic ( EMG ) biofeedback and sham neuromuscular electrostimulation ( NMES ) ( Group I ) , PFMT with EMG biofeedback and intravaginal NMES ( Group II ) , and PFMT with EMG biofeedback and transcutaneous tibial nerve stimulation ( TTNS ) ( Group III ) .
METHODS	Assessments , before and after the treatment , included : PFM function , PFM tone , flexibility of the vaginal opening and ability to relax the PFMs , and the Female Sexual Function Index ( FSFI ) questionnaire .
RESULTS	After treatment , all groups showed improvements in all domains of the PERFECT scheme .
RESULTS	PFM tone and flexibility of the vaginal opening was lower after the intervention only for Group II .
RESULTS	All groups improved in arousal , lubrication , satisfaction and total score domains of the FSFI questionnaire .
CONCLUSIONS	This study indicates that PFMT alone or in combination with intravaginal NMES or TTNS contributes to the improvement of SD .

###25560809
OBJECTIVE	To report pre-specified and exploratory results on the effect of different surgical approaches on erectile function ( EF ) after nerve-sparing radical prostatectomy ( nsRP ) obtained from the multicentre , randomised , double-blind , double-dummy REACTT trial of tadalafil ( once a day [ OaD ] or on-demand [ pro-re-nata , PRN ] ) vs placebo .
METHODS	Patients aged < 68years with normal preoperative EF who underwent nsRP for localised prostate cancer ( Gleason 7 , prostate-specific antigen [ PSA ] < 10ng/mL ) were randomised after nsRP 1:1:1 to 9-month double-blind treatment with tadalafil 5mg OaD , tadalafil 20mg PRN , or placebo , followed by 6-week drug-free washout , and 3-month open-label OaD treatment ( all patients ) .
METHODS	Recovery of EF was defined as an International Index of Erectile Function ( IIEF ) - EF domain score of 22 and normal orgasmic function was defined based on IIEF Question 10 .
METHODS	Both parameters were analysed at the end of washout using logistic regression including terms for treatment , country , visit , visit-by-treatment interaction , age group , nerve-sparing score ( perfect = 2 , non-perfect > 2 ) , and surgical approach ( open surgery , robot-assisted laparoscopy , conventional laparoscopy , other ) .
METHODS	Time to EF recovery was analysed post hoc with a Cox proportional-hazards model including terms for treatment , age-group , country , surgical approach and surgery-by-treatment interaction .
RESULTS	Of 422 patients treated , 189 underwent open surgery , 115 robot-assisted laparoscopy , 88 conventional laparoscopy and 30 surgery classified as ` other ' .
RESULTS	The odds of achieving EF recovery at the end of drug-free washout were about twice as high for the robot-assisted laparoscopy group compared with the open surgery group ( odds ratio 2.42 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 1.24 , 4.72 ; P = 0.029 ) .
RESULTS	Patients who underwent robot-assisted laparoscopy were significantly more likely to recover during double-blind treatment compared with patients who underwent open surgery ( hazard ratio 1.92 ; 95 % CI 1.17 , 3.15 ; P = 0.010 ) .
RESULTS	No favourable effect of conventional laparoscopy compared with open surgery could be seen .
CONCLUSIONS	These results may provide further insights into the role of surgery on EF recovery after nsRP .
CONCLUSIONS	However , the trial was not designed for these analyses and further prospective studies are needed .

###24834887
OBJECTIVE	To prospectively assess the contrast enhancement , image quality , radiation dose , and detectability of malignant pancreatic tumors with pancreatic computed tomography ( CT ) obtained at an 80-kilovolt ( peak ) ( kV [ p ] ) tube voltage setting and reduced iodine dose .
METHODS	Institutional review board approval and written informed consent were obtained .
METHODS	During a recent 10-month period , 136 patients ( 66 men and 70 women ; age range , 21-86 years ; mean SD age , 65.9 11.0 years ) with suspected pancreatic disease were randomized into 3 groups according to the following iodine-load and tube-voltage protocols : 600 mg of iodine per kilogram body weight ( mg/kg ) and 120 kV ( p ) ( 600-120 group ) , 500 mg/kg and 80 kV ( p ) ( 500-80 group ) , and 400 mg/kg and 80 kV ( p ) ( 400-80 group ) .
METHODS	Analysis of variance was conducted to evaluate differences in CT number , background noise , signal-to-noise ratio , effective dose , lesion-to-pancreas contrast-to-noise ratio , and figure of merit .
METHODS	Sensitivity , specificity , and area under the receiver-operating-characteristic curve were compared to assess the detectability of malignant pancreatic tumors .
RESULTS	The signal-to-noise ratios in vessels were greater ( P < 0.05 ) in the 400-80 and 500-80 groups than in the 600-120 group , and those in pancreas were comparable between the 400-80 and 600-120 groups .
RESULTS	No significant difference was found in effective dose , image quality , lesion-to-pancreas contrast-to-noise ratio , or figure of merit between the groups .
RESULTS	Sensitivity , specificity , and area under the receiver-operating-characteristic curve for detecting malignant pancreatic tumors were comparable between the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Pancreatic CT with an 80-kV ( p ) setting and 400-mg iodine per kilogram contrast material load facilitates the reduction of iodine dose while maintaining image quality and the detectability of malignant pancreatic tumors .

###24500582
BACKGROUND	Proponents of minimally invasive total knee arthroplasty argue that retracting rather than everting the patella results in quicker postoperative recovery and improved function .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to investigate this in patients undergoing knee arthroplasty through a standard medial parapatellar approach .
METHODS	In a prospective randomized double-blinded study , sixty-eight patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty through a standard medial parapatellar approach were assigned to either retraction or eversion of the patella .
METHODS	Postoperatively , at three months , and at one year after surgery , an independent observer assessed the primary outcome measure ( i.e. , knee flexion ) and secondary outcome measures ( i.e. , Oxford knee score , Short Form-12 [ SF-12 ] score , visual analog scale pain score , knee motion , and alignment and patellar height as measured on radiographs with use of the Insall-Salvati ratio ) .
RESULTS	Early ( three-month ) follow-up showed no significant difference between patellar eversion and subluxation in flexion ( mean and 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 101 5.37 versus 102 4.14 , respectively ) , Oxford knee scores ( 25 3 versus 27 2.69 , respectively ) , SF-12 , or visual analog scale pain scores ( 1.9 0.54 versus 1.1 0.44 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	A significant improvement in extension was found ( -3.9 1.12 versus -2.0 0.91 , respectively [ p = 0.034 ] ) , but this was not clinically significant .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in any of the outcomes at one year .
RESULTS	There was a significant difference in implant malpositioning between the eversion group and the subluxation group , with an increased percentage of lateral tibial overhang in the subluxation group ( 0.45 0.39 versus 1.84 0.82 , respectively [ p = 0.005 ] ) , but this did not correlate with functional outcome .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in alignment between the two groups ( 178.29 0.84 versus 178.18 0.78 ) .
RESULTS	At one year after surgery , there was no difference between the two groups in Insall-Salvati ratio ( 1.15 0.06 versus 1.12 0.06 ) although there was a correlation between the percentage reduction in the ratio and functional outcome .
RESULTS	There were two partial divisions of the patella tendon in the subluxation group , but no patella-related complications in the eversion group .
CONCLUSIONS	The results of this trial showed that retracting rather than everting the patella during total knee arthroplasty resulted in no significant clinical benefit in the early to medium term .
CONCLUSIONS	We observed no increase in patellar tendon shortening as a result of eversion rather than subluxation .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings did suggest that , with subluxation , there may be an increased risk of damage to the patellar tendon and reduced visualization of the lateral compartment , leading to an increase in implant malpositioning with lateral tibial overhang .

###24816958
BACKGROUND	Chronic anal fissure ( CAF ) is perpetuated by high sphincter pressures and secondary local ischemia .
BACKGROUND	Pharmacological approaches include topical nitrates and botulinum toxin ( BT ) , which both help to decrease the sphincter pressure .
OBJECTIVE	The aims of the present study were to assess the efficacy and safety of BT injection and combined treatment with BT injection and lowered dose glyceryltrinitrate ( GTN ) cream for the treatment of CAF .
OBJECTIVE	We hypothesised that combined treatment would have a synergistic effect on healing .
METHODS	Forty-one consecutive patients with CAF were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments : Group A , injection of BT ( 20 U into internal anal sphincter ) and Group B , BT injection ( 20 units ) and subsequent thrice daily topical applications of half-dose 0.2 % GTN cream for 6 weeks .
METHODS	Patients were followed up at 6 and 12 weeks and were assessed for healing of anal fissure , by means of visual inspection using fissure grades ; for faecal incontinence , using Cleveland Clinic incontinence scores ; and for fissure pain and headache using a numeric pain rating scale .
RESULTS	Fissure healing was similar in the two groups at both 6 ( 30 % in BT and GTN and 33 % in BT only ) and 12 weeks ( 50 % in BT and GTN vs 57 % in BT-only group ) .
RESULTS	Neither the change in pain score from 6 to 12 weeks , nor the overall level of pain was significantly different in the 2 groups .
RESULTS	Moderate or severe headaches were suffered by 58 % of patients using GTN .
CONCLUSIONS	Single-agent treatment by means of BT injection alone was well tolerated compared with combination treatment with BT injection and GTN cream , with no significant differences in healing of CAF observed in this small study .

###25376714
BACKGROUND	The `` original '' traction-free Kocher 's method to perform the reduction of shoulder dislocation has been recently reviewed and some authors speculated that it can be self performed by patients under the guide of the physician .
BACKGROUND	In this way , as an `` assisted self-reduction '' technique , it is also effective and simple to perform .
BACKGROUND	The aim is to study the effectiveness of the assisted self-reduction technique , in comparison to the well known and largely used traction-countertraction method .
METHODS	From a consecutive series of 237 uncomplicated anterior shoulder dislocations , a total of 61 were managed by the residents of our institution under the supervision of the senior authors using the assisted self-reduction method and 176 were managed by other orthopaedic consultants on duty in the Emergency Department using the traction-countertraction technique .
METHODS	Only the senior authors used the assisted self-reduction technique , whereas the other orthopaedic consultants used the traction-countertraction method .
METHODS	The need for intravenous sedation or general anaesthesia to perform the assisted self-reduction was considered a failure .
METHODS	Recorded variables were demographic data , previous dislocation , traumatic mechanism and medication use during shoulder reduction , time to perform the reduction .
RESULTS	Ninety-eight percent of the acute dislocation treated with the assisted self-reduction technique and 81 % treated with the traction-countertraction method were reducible without recourse to intravenous sedation .
CONCLUSIONS	The assisted self-reduction technique is simple , effective and gentle .
CONCLUSIONS	Physicians on duty in the Emergency Departments should therefore be encouraged to use it .

###25700289
OBJECTIVE	Many ischemic strokes or transient ischemic attacks are labeled cryptogenic but may have undetected atrial fibrillation ( AF ) .
OBJECTIVE	We sought to identify those most likely to have subclinical AF .
METHODS	We prospectively studied patients with cryptogenic stroke or transient ischemic attack aged 55 years in sinus rhythm , without known AF , enrolled in the intervention arm of the 30 Day Event Monitoring Belt for Recording Atrial Fibrillation After a Cerebral Ischemic Event ( EMBRACE ) trial .
METHODS	Participants underwent baseline 24-hour Holter ECG poststroke ; if AF was not detected , they were randomly assigned to 30-day ECG monitoring with an AF auto-detect external loop recorder .
METHODS	Multivariable logistic regression assessed the association between baseline variables ( Holter-detected atrial premature beats [ APBs ] , runs of atrial tachycardia , age , and left atrial enlargement ) and subsequent AF detection .
RESULTS	Among 237 participants , the median baseline Holter APB count/24 h was 629 ( interquartile range , 142-1973 ) among those who subsequently had AF detected versus 45 ( interquartile range , 14-250 ) in those without AF ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	APB count was the only significant predictor of AF detection by 30-day ECG ( P < 0.0001 ) , and at 90 days ( P = 0.0017 ) and 2 years ( P = 0.0027 ) .
RESULTS	Compared with the 16 % overall 90-day AF detection rate , the probability of AF increased from < 9 % among patients with < 100 APBs/24 h to 9 % to 24 % in those with 100 to 499 APBs/24 h , 25 % to 37 % with 500 to 999 APBs/24 h , 37 % to 40 % with 1000 to 1499 APBs/24 h , and 40 % beyond 1500 APBs/24 h.
CONCLUSIONS	Among older cryptogenic stroke or transient ischemic attack patients , the number of APBs on a routine 24-hour Holter ECG was a strong dose-dependent independent predictor of prevalent subclinical AF .
CONCLUSIONS	Those with frequent APBs have a high probability of AF and represent ideal candidates for prolonged ECG monitoring for AF detection .
BACKGROUND	URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov .
BACKGROUND	Unique identifier : NCT00846924 .

###25519790
METHODS	Port-au-Prince , Haiti .
OBJECTIVE	To determine long-term effects of early vs. delayed initiation of antiretroviral therapy ( ART ) on immune recovery and tuberculosis ( TB ) risk in human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) infected individuals .
METHODS	Open-label randomized controlled trial of immediate ART in HIV-infected adults with CD4 counts between 200 and 350 cells/mm ( 3 ) vs. deferring ART until the CD4 count was < 200 cells/mm ( 3 ) .
METHODS	The primary comparisons were CD4 counts over time and risk for incident TB , with 5 years of follow-up .
RESULTS	A total of 816 participants were enrolled , with 408 in each treatment arm .
RESULTS	The early treatment group started ART within 2 weeks , while the deferred treatment group started ART a median of 1.3 years after enrollment .
RESULTS	After 5 years , the mean CD4 count in the early treatment group was significantly higher than in the deferred treatment group ( 496 cells/mm ( 3 ) , 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 477-515 vs. 373 cells/mm ( 3 ) , 95 % CI 357-389 ; P < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	TB risk was higher in the deferred treatment group ( unadjusted HR 2.41 , 95 % CI 1.56-3 .74 ; P < 0.0001 ) and strongly correlated with lower CD4 counts in time-dependent multivariate analysis .
CONCLUSIONS	Delays in ART initiation for HIV-infected adults with CD4 counts of 200-350 cells/mm ( 3 ) can result in long-term immune dysfunction and persistent increased risk for TB .

###24645907
BACKGROUND	Elderly individuals with coronary heart disease are a population particularly burdened by disability .
BACKGROUND	However , to date many predictors of disability established in general populations have not been considered in studies examining disability in elderly acute myocardial infarction ( AMI ) survivors .
BACKGROUND	Our study explores factors associated with the ability to perform basic activities of daily living in elderly patients with AMI .
METHODS	Baseline data from 333 AMI-survivors older than 64 years included within the randomized controlled KORINNA-study were utilized to examine disability assessed by the Stanford Health Assessment Questionare Disability Index ( HAQ-DI ) .
METHODS	Numerous potential determinants including demographic characteristics , clinical parameters , co-morbidities , interventions , lifestyle , behavioral and personal factors were measured.Disability was defined as a HAQ-DI 0.5 .
METHODS	After bi-variate testing the probability of disability was modeled with logistic regression .
METHODS	Missing covariate values were imputed using a Markov Chain Monte Carlo method .
RESULTS	Disability was significantly more frequent in older individuals ( Odds Ratio ( OR ) : 1.10 , 95 % Confidence Interval ( CI ) : 1.05-1 .16 ) , patients with deficient nutrition ( OR : 3.38 , 95 % CI : 1.60-7 .15 ) , coronary artery bypass graft ( CABG ) ( OR : 3.26 , 95 % CI : 1.29-8 .25 ) , hearing loss in both ears ( OR : 2.85 , 95 % CI : 1.41-5 .74 ) , diabetes mellitus ( OR : 2.56 , 95 % CI : 1.39-4 .72 ) , and heart failure ( OR : 3.32 , 95 % CI : 1.79-6 .16 ) .
RESULTS	It was reduced in patients with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( PTCA ) ( OR : 0.41 , 95 % CI : 0.21-0 .80 ) and male sex ( OR : 0.48 , 95 % CI : 0.27-0 .85 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Effects of nutrition , hearing loss , and diametrical effects of PTCA and CABG on disability were identified as relevant for examination of causality in longitudinal trials .
BACKGROUND	ISRCTN02893746 .

###24286591
BACKGROUND	Circulating progenitor cells ( CPCs ) improve cardiovascular function and organ perfusion by enhancing the capacities of endothelial repair and neovasculogenesis .
BACKGROUND	This study investigates whether exercise regimens with/without hypoxia affect cardiac and muscular hemodynamics by modulating CPCs and angiogenic factors .
METHODS	Forty sedentary males were randomly divided into hypoxic ( HT , n = 20 ) and normoxic ( NT , n = 20 ) training groups .
METHODS	The subjects were trained on a bicycle ergometer at 60 % VO ( 2max ) under 15 % ( HT ) or 21 % ( NT ) O2 conditions for 30 min daily , five days weekly for five weeks .
RESULTS	After the five-week interventions , the HT group exhibited a larger improvement in aerobic capacity than the NT group .
RESULTS	Furthermore , the HT regimen ( i ) enhanced cardiac output ( Q ( H ) ) and perfusion ( Q ( M ) ) / oxygenation of vastus lateralis during exercise ; ( ii ) increased levels of CD34 ( + ) / KDR ( + ) / CD117 ( + ) , CD34 ( + ) / KDR ( + ) / CD133 ( + ) , and CD34 ( + ) / KDR ( + ) / CD31 ( + ) cells in blood ; ( iii ) promoted the proliferative capacity of these CPC subsets , and ( iv ) elevated plasma nitrite/nitrate , stromal cell-derived factor-1 ( SDF-1 ) , matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) , and vascular endothelial growth factor-A ( VEGF-A ) concentrations .
RESULTS	Despite the lack of changes in Q ( H ) and the number or proliferative capacity of CD34 ( + ) / KDR ( + ) / CD117 ( + ) or CD34 ( + ) / KDR ( + ) / CD31 ( + ) cells , the NT regimen elevated both Q ( M ) and plasma nitrite/nitrate levels and suppressed the shedding of endothelial cells ( CD34 ( - ) / KDR ( + ) / phosphatidylserine ( + ) cells ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The HT regimen improves cardiac and muscular hemodynamic adaptations , possibly by promoting the mobilization/function of CPCs and the production of angiogenic factors .

###24650839
BACKGROUND	Pharmacist - or nurse-led team care decreases patient blood pressure ( BP ) and cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) risk .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate whether a Web-based dietitian-led ( WD ) team care intervention was feasible and resulted in decreased BP , CVD risk , and weight compared to usual care ( UC ) .
METHODS	Electronic health record ( EHR ) data identified patients aged 30-69 years with BMI > 26 , elevated BP , and 10 % -25 % 10-year Framingham CVD risk who were registered patient website users .
METHODS	Patients with uncontrolled BP at screening were randomized to UC or WD , which included a home BP monitor , scale , and dietitian team care .
METHODS	WD participants had a single in-person dietitian visit to obtain baseline information and create a plan to reduce CVD risk .
METHODS	Planned follow-up occurred via secure messaging to report BP , weight , and fruit and vegetable intake and receive ongoing feedback .
METHODS	If needed , dietitians encouraged patients and their physicians to intensify antihypertensive and lipid-lowering medications .
METHODS	Primary outcomes were change in systolic BP and weight loss 4 kg at 6 months .
METHODS	Feasibility outcomes included intervention utilization and satisfaction .
RESULTS	Between 2010 and 2011 , a total of 90 of 101 participants completed 6-month follow-ups .
RESULTS	The WD group had higher rates of secure messaging utilization and patient satisfaction .
RESULTS	The WD group lost significantly more weight than the UC group ( adjusted net difference = -3.2 kg , 95 % CI = -5.0 , -1.5 , p < 0.001 ) and was more likely to lose 4 kg ( adjusted relative risk [ RRadj ] = 2.96 , 95 % CI = 1.16 , 7.53 ) .
RESULTS	BP control and CVD risk reduction were greater in WD than UC , but differences were not statistically significant .
CONCLUSIONS	WD intervention was feasible and resulted in decreased weight , BP , and CVD risk .
CONCLUSIONS	A larger trial is justified .
BACKGROUND	Trial Registration Number : NCT01077388 .

###25887096
OBJECTIVE	Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) is prevalent but often unrecognized , in part because it tends to co-occur with other disorders such as substance use disorders .
OBJECTIVE	Cocaine use disorder is one such disorder with high co-occurrence of ADHD .
OBJECTIVE	To examine whether treatment of co-occurring ADHD and cocaine use disorder with extended-release mixed amphetamine salts is effective at both improving ADHD symptoms and reducing cocaine use .
METHODS	Thirteen-week , randomized , double-blind , 3-arm , placebo-controlled trial of participants meeting DSM-IV-TR criteria for both ADHD and cocaine use disorder conducted between December 1 , 2007 , and April 15 , 2013 , at 2 academic health center substance abuse treatment research sites .
METHODS	One hundred twenty-six adults diagnosed as having comorbid ADHD and cocaine use disorder were randomized to extended-release mixed amphetamine salts or placebo .
METHODS	Analysis was by intent-to-treat population .
METHODS	Participants received extended-release mixed amphetamine salts ( 60 or 80 mg ) or placebo daily for 13 weeks and participated in weekly individual cognitive behavioral therapy .
METHODS	For ADHD , percentage of participants achieving at least a 30 % reduction in ADHD symptom severity , measured by the Adult ADHD Investigator Symptom Rating Scale ; for cocaine use , cocaine-negative weeks ( by self-report of no cocaine use and weekly benzoylecgonine urine screens ) during maintenance medication ( weeks 2-13 ) and percentage of participants achieving abstinence for the last 3 weeks .
RESULTS	More patients achieved at least a 30 % reduction in ADHD symptom severity in the medication groups ( 60 mg : 30 of 40 participants [ 75.0 % ] ; odds ratio [ OR ] = 5.23 ; 95 % CI , 1.98-13 .85 ; P < .001 ; and 80 mg : 25 of 43 participants [ 58.1 % ] ; OR = 2.27 ; 95 % CI , 0.94-5 .49 ; P = .07 ) compared with placebo ( 17 of 43 participants [ 39.5 % ] ) .
RESULTS	The odds of a cocaine-negative week were higher in the 80-mg group ( OR = 5.46 ; 95 % CI , 2.25-13 .27 ; P < .001 ) and 60-mg group ( OR = 2.92 ; 95 % CI , 1.15-7 .42 ; P = .02 ) compared with placebo .
RESULTS	Rates of continuous abstinence in the last 3 weeks were greater for the medication groups than the placebo group : 30.2 % for the 80-mg group ( OR = 11.87 ; 95 % CI , 2.25-62 .62 ; P = .004 ) and 17.5 % for the 60-mg group ( OR = 5.85 ; 95 % CI , 1.04-33 .04 ; P = .04 ) vs 7.0 % for placebo .
CONCLUSIONS	Extended-release mixed amphetamine salts in robust doses along with cognitive behavioral therapy are effective for treatment of co-occurring ADHD and cocaine use disorder , both improving ADHD symptoms and reducing cocaine use .
CONCLUSIONS	The data suggest the importance of screening and treatment of ADHD in adults presenting with cocaine use disorder .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00553319 .

###25140986
OBJECTIVE	We previously reported on a randomized controlled trial ( RCT ) that examined the effect of adding tobramycin to bone cement after femoral stem migration .
OBJECTIVE	The present study examined femoral head penetration into both conventional and highly crosslinked polyethylene acetabular liners in the same group of RCT patients , with a minimum of 5 years of postoperative follow-up .
METHODS	Linear penetration of the femoral head into an X3 ( Stryker ) crosslinked polyethylene ( XLPE ) liner was measured in 18 patients ( 19 hips ) using radiostereometric analysis ( RSA ) .
METHODS	Femoral head penetration was also measured in 6 patients ( 6 hips ) with a conventional polyethylene liner ( CPE ) , which served as a control group .
RESULTS	The median proximal femoral head penetration in the XLPE group after 5.5 years was 0.025 mm with a steady-state penetration rate of 0.001 mm/year between year 1 and year 5 .
RESULTS	The CPE liner showed a median proximal head penetration of 0.274 mm after 7.2 years , at a rate of 0.037 mm/year .
CONCLUSIONS	The Trident X3 sequentially annealed XLPE liner shows excellent in vivo wear resistance compared to non-crosslinked CPE liners at medium-term implantation .
CONCLUSIONS	The rate of linear head penetration in the XLPE liners after > 5 years of follow-up was 0.001 mm/year , which is in close agreement with the results of previous studies .

###24610884
BACKGROUND	Lowering blood pressure ( BP ) after stroke remains a challenge , even in the context of clinical trials .
BACKGROUND	The Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes ( SPS3 ) BP protocol , BP management during the study , and achieved BPs are described here .
METHODS	Patients with recent symptomatic lacunar stroke were randomized to 1 of 2 levels of systolic BP ( SBP ) targets : lower : < 130mm Hg , or higher : 130-149mm Hg .
METHODS	SBP management over the course of the trial was examined by race/ethnicity and other baseline conditions .
RESULTS	Mean SBP decreased for both groups from baseline to the last follow-up , from 142.4 to 126.7 mm Hg for the lower SBP target group and from 143.6 to 137.4 mm Hg for the higher SBP target group .
RESULTS	At baseline , participants in both groups used an average of 1.71.2 antihypertensive medications , which increased to a mean of 2.41.4 ( lower group ) and 1.81.4 ( higher group ) by the end-study visit .
RESULTS	It took an average of 6 months for patients to reach their SBP target , sustained to the last follow-up .
RESULTS	Black participants had the highest proportion of SBP 150mm Hg at both study entry ( 40 % ) and end-study visit ( 17 % ) , as compared with whites ( 9 % ) and Hispanics ( 11 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	These results show that it is possible to safely lower BP even to a SBP goal < 130mm Hg in a variety of patients and settings , including private and academic centers in multiple countries .
CONCLUSIONS	This provides further support for protocol-driven care in lowering BP and consequently reducing the burden of stroke .

###24373195
OBJECTIVE	It is generally accepted that patients prefer to be told the truth by their physicians ; however , the practice of partial truth-telling is frequent with an existing ` norm of nondisclosure . '
OBJECTIVE	Our primary objective was to determine what patients wanted to be told about their illness , and whether there might be differences between patients with either cancer or advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) .
OBJECTIVE	A second objective was to determine how these patients envisioned their participation , or lack thereof , in the treatment decision-making process .
METHODS	Subjects were eligible for this prospective study if they were attending the oncology or pulmonary outpatient consultation services at the British Hospital or the Sanatorio Gemes Private Hospital in Buenos Aires , Argentina between June 2009 and May 2010 .
RESULTS	Ninety-nine patients were recruited .
RESULTS	Forty-four had a diagnosis of COPD , and 55 patients had cancer .
RESULTS	Seventeen of the patients expected their health to improve in the future , but a significantly higher proportion of patients with malignant disorders expected to get better in the near future as compared with those with COPD ( 98.2 % vs 62.8 % , P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Most study participants expressed a desire to receive all the information available about their condition .
RESULTS	A majority of the participants expressed a preference for making treatment decisions in collaboration with their physician ( 40.4 % )
CONCLUSIONS	While they considered the role of their families relevant and wanted information to be shared so that family members might participate in decision-making , they did not want their families to have a right to withhold information , make final decisions .

###26070699
OBJECTIVE	We sought to determine if insulin detemir ( IDet ) is noninferior to insulin neutral protamine Hagedorn ( NPH ) for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus ( GDM ) and type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) in pregnancy .
METHODS	We conducted a randomized , controlled noninferiority trial of women with GDM and T2DM who entered our Diabetes in Pregnancy Program from March 2013 through October 2014 .
METHODS	Exclusion criteria were type 1 diabetes , age < 18 years , and insulin allergy .
METHODS	Women who failed to achieve good glycemic control ( GC ) ( mean blood glucose [ BG ] < 100 mg/dL ) on diet and/or hypoglycemic agents were randomized to receive either IDet or NPH , with short-acting insulin aspart added as needed .
METHODS	Patients were instructed to test BG 4 times a day ( fasting and 2-hour postprandial ) .
METHODS	Targets of GC were fasting BG < 90 mg/dL and postprandial BG < 120 mg/dL , and insulin was adjusted as needed to achieve the targets .
METHODS	The primary outcome was overall mean BG during insulin treatment ; secondary outcomes included overall mean postprandial and fasting BG , median number of weeks to achieve GC , percent of patients with overall GC , maternal weight gain , perinatal/neonatal outcomes , and number of hypoglycemic events .
METHODS	Power analysis ( 90 % power ) determined that 88 patients would need to be randomized , assuming a maximal acceptable difference in overall mean BG of 7 mg/dL ( SD 10 mg/dL ) .
METHODS	A per protocol analysis was performed .
RESULTS	In all , 105 women were randomized .
RESULTS	Eighteen women were excluded leaving 87 participants for analysis ( 45 NPH , 42 IDet ) .
RESULTS	Maternal characteristics were similar in both groups .
RESULTS	The difference in the mean BG of the groups was 2.1 mg/dL with a 1-sided upper 95 % confidence limit of 5.5 mg/dL ( less than the maximal acceptable difference of 7 mg/dL ; P = .2937 ) .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in the primary outcome when an intent-to-treat analysis was performed or when the T2DM patients were excluded .
RESULTS	The time to achieve GC was similar in both groups .
RESULTS	There were no differences in perinatal outcomes and maternal weight gain among the groups .
RESULTS	There were more hypoglycemic events per patient in the NPH group .
CONCLUSIONS	IDet is noninferior to insulin NPH for the treatment of GDM and T2DM in pregnancy .

###25946480
BACKGROUND	Transfusion-related acute lung injury incidence remains the leading cause of posttransfusion mortality .
BACKGROUND	The etiology may be related to leukocyte antibodies or biologically active compounds in transfused plasma , injuring susceptible recipient 's lungs .
BACKGROUND	The authors have hypothesized that transfusion could have less severe effects that are not always appreciated clinically and have shown subtly decreased pulmonary oxygen gas transfer in healthy volunteers after transfusion of fresh and 21-day stored erythrocytes .
BACKGROUND	In this study , the authors tested the same hypothesis in surgical patients .
METHODS	Ninety-one patients undergoing elective major spine surgery with anticipated need for erythrocyte transfusion were randomly allocated to receive their first transfusion of erythrocytes as cell salvage ( CS ) , washed stored , or unwashed stored .
METHODS	Clinicians were not blinded to group assignment .
METHODS	Pulmonary gas transfer and mechanics were measured 5 min before and 30 min after erythrocyte transfusion .
RESULTS	The primary outcome variable , gas transfer , as assessed by change of PaO2/FIO2 , with erythrocyte transfusion was not significant in any group ( mean SD ; CS : 9 59 ; washed : 10 26 ; and unwashed : 15 1 ) and did not differ among groups ( P = 0.92 ) .
RESULTS	Pulmonary dead space ( VD/VT ) decreased with CS transfusion ( -0.01 0.04 ; P = 0.034 ) but did not change with other erythrocytes ; the change from before to after erythrocyte transfusion did not differ among groups ( -0.01 to +0.01 ; P = 0.28 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The authors did not find impaired gas exchange as assessed by PaO2/FIO2 with transfused erythrocytes that did or did not contain nonautologous plasma .
CONCLUSIONS	This clinical trial did not support the hypothesis of erythrocyte transfusion-induced gas exchange deficit that had been found in healthy volunteers .

###24320906
BACKGROUND	Dentinal hypersensitivity is a common problem and there is a growing interest in herbal based formulations for the treatment of oral diseases .
BACKGROUND	This study was conducted to assess the efficacy of a commercially available novel herbal dentifrice in reduction of dentinal hypersensitivity .
METHODS	A total of 73 subjects ( 38 males and 35 females ; aged 25-60years ) were randomly divided into two groups : Group 1 - a placebo dentifrice ( The Himalaya Drug Company Research and Development , Makali , Bangalore ) and Group 2 - ( test group ) , a commercially available herbal dentifrice ( Hi Ora K , The Himalaya Drug Company Research and Development , Makali , Bangalore ) .
METHODS	Sensitivity scores for controlled air stimulus and cold water were recorded at baseline , 6weeks and 12weeks .
RESULTS	The test group was found to be significantly better compared to the placebo group at the end of 6 and 12weeks in reduction of dentinal hypersensitivity .
CONCLUSIONS	The novel herbal dentifrice can be recommended for treatment of dentinal hypersensitivity .

###24420962
BACKGROUND	Peripheral neuropathic pain ( PNP ) associated with allodynia poses a significant clinical challenge .
BACKGROUND	The efficacy of ( 9 ) - tetrahydrocannabinol/cannabidiol ( THC/CBD ) oromucosal spray , a novel cannabinoid formulation , was investigated in this 15-week randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled parallel group study .
METHODS	In total , 303 patients with PNP associated with allodynia were screened ; 128 were randomized to THC/CBD spray and 118 to placebo , in addition to their current analgesic therapy .
METHODS	The co-primary efficacy endpoints were the 30 % responder rate in PNP 0-10 numerical rating scale ( NRS ) score and the mean change from baseline to the end of treatment in this score .
METHODS	Various key secondary measures of pain and functioning were also investigated .
RESULTS	At the 30 % responder level , there were statistically significant treatment differences in favour of THC/CBD spray in the full analysis ( intention-to-treat ) dataset [ p = 0.034 ; 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) : 1.05-3 .70 ] .
RESULTS	There was also a reduction in mean PNP 0-10 NRS scores in both treatment groups that was numerically higher in the THC/CBD spray group , but which failed to reach statistical significance .
RESULTS	Secondary measures of sleep quality 0-10 NRS score ( p = 0.0072 ) and Subject Global Impression of Change ( SGIC ) ( p = 0.023 ) also demonstrated statistically significant treatment differences in favour of THC/CBD spray treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings demonstrate that , in a meaningful proportion of otherwise treatment-resistant patients , clinically important improvements in pain , sleep quality and SGIC of the severity of their condition are obtained with THC/CBD spray .
CONCLUSIONS	THC/CBD spray was well tolerated and no new safety concerns were identified .

###25023385
BACKGROUND	Cerebral palsy ( CP ) and brain injury ( BI ) are common conditions that have devastating effects on a child 's ability to use their hands .
BACKGROUND	Hand splinting and task-specific training are two interventions that are often used to address deficits in upper limb skills , both in isolation or concurrently .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this paper is to describe the method to be used to conduct two randomised controlled trials ( RCT ) investigating ( a ) the immediate effect of functional hand splints , and ( b ) the effect of functional hand splints used concurrently with task-specific training compared to functional hand splints alone , and to task-specific training alone in children with CP and BI .
BACKGROUND	The Cognitive Orientation to Occupational Performance ( CO-OP ) approach will be the task-specific training approach used .
METHODS	Two concurrent trials ; a two group , parallel design , RCT with a sample size of 30 participants ( 15 per group ) ; and a three group , parallel design , assessor blinded , RCT with a sample size of 45 participants ( 15 per group ) .
METHODS	age 4-15 years ; diagnosis of CP or BI ; Manual Abilities Classification System ( MACS ) level I - IV ; hand function goals ; impaired hand function ; the cognitive , language and behavioural ability to participate in CO-OP .
METHODS	Participants will be randomly allocated to one of 3 groups ; ( 1 ) functional hand splint only ( n = 15 ) ; ( 2 ) functional hand splint combined with task-specific training ( n = 15 ) ; ( 3 ) task-specific training only ( n = 15 ) .
METHODS	Allocation concealment will be achieved using sequentially numbered , sealed opaque envelopes opened by an off-site officer after baseline measures .
METHODS	Treatment will be provided for a period of 2 weeks , with outcome measures taken at baseline , 1 hour after randomisation , 2 weeks and 10 weeks .
METHODS	The functional hand splint will be a wrist cock-up splint ( + / - thumb support or supination strap ) .
METHODS	Task-specific training will involve 10 sessions of CO-OP provided in a group of 2-4 children .
METHODS	Primary outcome measures will be the Canadian Occupational Performance Measure ( COPM ) and the Goal Attainment Scale ( GAS ) .
METHODS	Analysis will be conducted on an intention-to-treat basis .
CONCLUSIONS	This paper outlines the protocol for two randomised controlled trials investigating functional hand splints and CO-OP for children with CP and BI .

###24456128
BACKGROUND	The nipple-areolar complex ( NAC ) has special histological properties with higher melanocyte concentration than breast skin .
BACKGROUND	To date , there are no data describing the late effects on the NAC following breast-conserving therapy ( BCT ) .
BACKGROUND	This study evaluated colour changes in the NAC in patients treated with breast-conserving surgery and adjuvant radiotherapy after 5 years .
METHODS	Digital photographs obtained at 5 years following breast irradiation from the St. George and Wollongong ( SGW ) trial ( NCT00138814 ) were evaluated by five experts using an iPad ( Apple Inc. , Cupertino , CA , USA ) application specifically created for this study .
METHODS	The SGW trial randomised 688 patients with Tis-2 , N0-1 , M0 carcinoma to the control arm of 50Gy in 25 fractions and boost arm of 45Gy in 25 fractions and 16Gy in 8 fractions electron boost .
RESULTS	A total of 141/372 ( 38 % ) patients had altered NAC ( 86 % lighter , 10 % darker ) .
RESULTS	Patients with Celtic skin type had increased likelihood of having an altered NAC ( odds ratio ( OR ) , 1.75 ( CI 1.1-2 .7 , P = 0.011 ) ) .
RESULTS	On subgroup analysis , those with Celtic skin type receiving biologically equivalent dose ( BED ) Gy3 80Gy had OR of 3.03 ( 95 % CI 1.2-7 .5 , P = 0.016 ) for having altered colour .
RESULTS	There was a dose response with more profound changes seen in the NAC compared with irradiated breast skin if BED Gy3 80Gy with OR of 2.42 ( 95 % CI 1.1-5 .6 , P = 0.036 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In this Caucasian BCT population , over 30 % of patients developed lighter NAC and more commonly in women with Celtic skin type .
CONCLUSIONS	The degree of this effect increased with higher radiation dose .

###25205864
OBJECTIVE	Substantial progress has been made in identifying susceptibility variants for AMD in European populations ; however , few studies have been conducted to understand the role these variants play in AMD risk in diverse populations .
OBJECTIVE	The present study aims to examine AMD risk across diverse populations in known and suspected AMD complement factor and lipid-related loci .
METHODS	Targeted genotyping was performed across study sites for AMD and lipid trait-associated single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNPs ) .
METHODS	Genetic association tests were performed at individual sites and then meta-analyzed using logistic regression assuming an additive genetic model stratified by self-described race/ethnicity .
METHODS	Participants included cases with early or late AMD and controls with no signs of AMD as determined by fundus photography .
METHODS	Populations included in this study were European Americans , African Americans , Mexican Americans , and Singaporeans from the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology ( PAGE ) study .
RESULTS	Index variants of AMD , rs1061170 ( CFH ) and rs10490924 ( ARMS2 ) , were associated with AMD at P = 3.0510 ( -8 ) and P = 6.3610 ( -6 ) , respectively , in European Americans .
RESULTS	In general , none of the major AMD index variants generalized to our non-European populations with the exception of rs10490924 in Mexican Americans at an uncorrected P value < 0.05 .
RESULTS	Four lipid-associated SNPS ( LPL rs328 , TRIB1 rs6987702 , CETP rs1800775 , and KCTD10/MVK rs2338104 ) were associated with AMD in African Americans and Mexican Americans ( P < 0.05 ) , but these associations did not survive strict corrections for multiple testing .
CONCLUSIONS	While most associations did not generalize in the non-European populations , variants within lipid-related genes were found to be associated with AMD .
CONCLUSIONS	This study highlights the need for larger well-powered studies in non-European populations .

###25168404
OBJECTIVE	( 1 ) The primary objectives were ( 1 ) to assess the response to intravenous ( IV ) fluid in children presenting to the ED with migraine and ; ( 2 ) to assess the effect of treatment expectation on the response to I.
BACKGROUND	Despite a lack of evidence for the practice , many emergency department ( ED ) migraine treatment protocols include a bolus of IV fluid .
BACKGROUND	This study assessed the overall response to IV fluid hydration and the effect of expected medication treatment on the pain response among children and adolescents with migraine in an urban ED .
METHODS	A single-blind , randomized parallel arm trial of 10mL/kg IV 0.9 % sodium chloride for children and adolescents aged 5-17 years presenting to a pediatric ED with migraine .
METHODS	Patients were randomized into group A ( no expectation of medication in combination with IV fluid ) and group B ( expectation that medication may be given simultaneously ) .
METHODS	All participants were treated with standard care following the 30-minute assessment .
RESULTS	Forty-seven participants were randomized and 2 were excluded ; mean age was 13.3 years and 31 ( 67.4 % ) were females .
RESULTS	Demographics and baseline characteristics were similar between groups .
RESULTS	Overall , there was no statistically significant difference for the primary outcome - change from baseline on the visual analog scale ( VAS ) at 30 minutes with a mean change of -12.3 mm ( standard deviation [ SD ] 17.9 ) in group A and -12.7 mm ( SD 13.2 ) in group B ( P = .936 ) .
RESULTS	The standardized difference between the 2 means ( Cohen 's d effect size ) was low at 0.024 ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] -0.56 to 0.61 ) .
RESULTS	Overall , complete headache relief was observed in only 1 participant ; 16 of 45 ( 35.6 % ; 95 % CI 21.8 to 51.2 ) had a reduction in headache of 33 % or more and 8 of 45 ( 17.8 % ; 95 % CI 6.1 to 29.4 % ) had a minimum clinical significant difference of 30mm or more on VAS with 4 in each group .
RESULTS	Thirteen of 39 patients with follow-up data ( 33.3 % ; 95 % CI 19.1 to 50.2 % ) reported a moderate or severe headache at the 24-hour follow up with no difference between groups ; only 3 patients returned to the ED .
RESULTS	One participant reported a minor IV-related adverse event .
CONCLUSIONS	The overall decrease in pain with IV fluid is small and clinically insignificant .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment expectation did not significantly influence headache relief at 30 minutes with IV fluid hydration in children or adolescents with migraine in the ED .
CONCLUSIONS	The average relief of headache with IV fluid alone was small ; however , a clinically meaningful response was observed in 17.8 % .
CONCLUSIONS	Recurrence of headache is common in 33 % after ED discharge .

###24346596
BACKGROUND	Combination diphtheria-tetanus-5 component acellular pertussis-inactivated poliovirus-Haemophilus influenzae b conjugate-hepatitis B vaccine ( DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB ) administered either concurrently with 7-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine ( PCV7 ) or 1 month apart was generally safe and immunogenic at 2 , 4 and 6 months of age .
BACKGROUND	This study examined the effects of a booster dose at age 15 months .
METHODS	Participants were randomized to DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB plus PCV7 , DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB with PCV7 administered 1 month later or a pentavalent DTaP5-IPV/Hib plus HepB plus PCV7 at 15 months of age in a randomized , open-label , phase IIb clinical trial .
METHODS	Immunogenicity endpoints were rates of seroresponse to pertussis toxoid , filamentous hemagglutinin , pertactin and fimbriae types 2 and 3 ; rates of seroprotection against ( Hib ) polyribosylribitol phosphate capsular polysaccharide , hepatitis B surface antigen , diphtheria toxoid , tetanus toxoid and poliovirus types 1 , 2 and 3 ; and geometric mean titers to all vaccine antigens .
METHODS	Safety endpoints included solicited injection-site reactions and systemic and serious adverse events .
RESULTS	Seroresponse/seroprotection rates for all antigens exceeded prespecified criteria in both groups that received the hexavalent DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB ; in the group that received the currently licensed pentavalent vaccine , seroresponse/seroprotection rates exceeded the criteria for all antigens except filamentous hemagglutinin .
RESULTS	Seroresponse rates were 88.9 % for pertussis antigens and seroprotection rates against polyribosylribitol phosphate capsular polysaccharide , hepatitis B surface antigen , diphtheria toxoid , tetanus toxoid and poliovirus antigens were 95.1 % in recipients of DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB .
CONCLUSIONS	DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB administered concomitantly with PCV7 or 1 month apart at 15 months of age following the infant series was well-tolerated and elicited antibody responses to all vaccine antigens , with no significant interference from concomitant PCV7 administration ( clinicaltrials.gov registration number NCT00362427 ) .

###26356396
OBJECTIVE	Treatment of patients with neurological manifestations of degenerative-dystrophic lesions of the spine must be integrated and optimized from the perspective of pathogenesis .
OBJECTIVE	Antiedematous therapy is an important moment that takes into account the development of localized swelling affected the spinal structures .
OBJECTIVE	We studied the efficacy of L-lysine aescinat in the treatment of patients with discogenic-venous lumbosacral radiculomyelopathy .
METHODS	We analyzed the therapeutic efficacy of antitumor therapy with the drug L-lysine aescinat in 40 patients with discogenic-venous lumbosacral radiculomyelopathy in comparison with a control group of 40 patients treated with conventional therapy in a neurological hospital .
METHODS	The age of the patients ranged from 30 to 60 years .
METHODS	In total , there were 36 ( 45 % ) women and 44 ( 55 % ) men .
METHODS	Herniated discs were visualized by MRI in all patients , attention was drawn to the condition of radicular veins of the cauda equina .
METHODS	We assessed muscle strength of lumbosacral myotomes , their trophicity and state of segmental-conductor apparatus sensitivity with the quantitative determination of the time of vibration of a tuning fork .
CONCLUSIONS	The comparison of neurological status dynamics during treatment of inpatients has shown that neurological symptoms reduce more effectively in patients treated with L - lysine aescinat ( by 75 % during the first 3-5 days ) and in a greater number of the patients ( 77.5 % vs 55 % in the control group ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The authors ' experience has shown that venous micro - and macro-circulation disorders play an important role in the pathogenesis of lower lumbar disk hernia .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinical manifestations of these disorders are segmental and conductive spinal motor disorders in myotomes and sensitivity .
CONCLUSIONS	Quantitative determination of vibration sensitivity ( tuning fork test ) is pathognomonic for radiculomyeloischemia .
CONCLUSIONS	Vein tonics and antiedemics , including L - lysine aescinat as one of the most effective drugs , exert a pathogenetic effect on spondylic and discogenic nervous system disturbances .

###24743444
OBJECTIVE	Intracranial hemorrhage ( ICH ) is a life-threatening complication of anticoagulation .
METHODS	We investigated the rate , outcomes , and predictors of ICH in 14 264 patients with atrial fibrillation from Rivaroxaban Once Daily , Oral , Direct Factor Xa Inhibition Compared With Vitamin K Antagonism for Prevention of Stroke and Embolism Trial in Atrial Fibrillation ( ROCKET AF ) .
METHODS	Cox proportional hazards modeling was used .
RESULTS	During 1.94 years ( median ) of follow-up , 172 patients ( 1.2 % ) experienced 175 ICH events at a rate of 0.67 % per year .
RESULTS	The significant , independent predictors of ICH were race ( Asian : hazard ratio , 2.02 ; 95 % CI , 1.39-2 .94 ; black : hazard ratio , 3.25 ; 95 % CI , 1.43-7 .41 ) , age ( 1.35 ; 1.13-1 .63 per 10-year increase ) , reduced serum albumin ( 1.39 ; 1.12-1 .73 per 0.5 g/dL decrease ) , reduced platelet count below 21010 ( 9 ) / L ( 1.08 ; 1.02-1 .13 per 1010 ( 9 ) / L decrease ) , previous stroke or transient ischemic attack ( 1.42 ; 1.02-1 .96 ) , and increased diastolic blood pressure ( 1.17 ; 1.01-1 .36 per 10 mm Hg increase ) .
RESULTS	Predictors of a reduced risk of ICH were randomization to rivaroxaban ( 0.60 ; 0.44-0 .82 ) and history of congestive heart failure ( 0.65 ; 0.47-0 .89 ) .
RESULTS	The ability of the model to discriminate individuals with and without ICH was good ( C-index , 0.69 ; 95 % CI , 0.64-0 .73 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Among patients with atrial fibrillation treated with anticoagulation , the risk of ICH was higher among Asians , blacks , the elderly , and in those with previous stroke or transient ischemic attack , increased diastolic blood pressure , and reduced platelet count or serum albumin at baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	The risk of ICH was significantly lower in patients with heart failure and in those who were randomized to rivaroxaban instead of warfarin .
CONCLUSIONS	The external validity of these findings requires testing in other atrial fibrillation populations .

###25037695
BACKGROUND	Efficacy and safety of alirocumab were compared with ezetimibe in hypercholesterolemic patients at moderate cardiovascular risk not receiving statins or other lipid-lowering therapy .
METHODS	In a Phase 3 , randomized , double-blind , double-dummy study ( NCT01644474 ) , patients ( low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [ LDL-C ] 100-190 mg/dL , 10-year risk of fatal cardiovascular events 1 % - < 5 % [ systemic coronary risk estimation ] ) were randomized to ezetimibe 10mg/day ( n = 51 ) or alirocumab 75 mg subcutaneously ( via 1-mL autoinjector ) every 2 weeks ( Q2W ) ( n = 52 ) , with dose up-titrated to 150 mg Q2W ( also 1 mL ) at week 12 if week 8 LDL-C was 70 mg/dL .
METHODS	Primary endpoint was mean LDL-C % change from baseline to 24 weeks , analyzed using all available data ( intent-to-treat approach , ITT ) .
METHODS	Analyses using on-treatment LDL-C values were also conducted .
RESULTS	Mean ( SD ) baseline LDL-C levels were 141.1 ( 27.1 ) mg/dL ( alirocumab ) and 138.3 ( 24.5 ) mg/dL ( ezetimibe ) .
RESULTS	The 24-week treatment period was completed by 85 % of alirocumab and 86 % of ezetimibe patients .
RESULTS	Least squares mean ( SE ) LDL-C reductions were 47 ( 3 ) % with alirocumab versus 16 ( 3 ) % with ezetimibe ( ITT ; p < 0.0001 ) and 54 ( 2 ) % versus 17 ( 2 ) % ( on-treatment ; p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	At week 12 , before up-titration , alirocumab 75 mg Q2W reduced LDL-C by 53 ( 2 ) % ( on-treatment ) .
RESULTS	Injection site reactions were infrequent ( < 2 % and < 4 % of alirocumab and ezetimibe patients , respectively ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Alirocumab demonstrated significantly greater LDL-C lowering versus ezetimibe after 24 weeks with the lower 75 mg Q2W dose sufficient to provide 50 % LDL-C reduction in the majority of the patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Adverse events were comparable between groups .

###25396407
BACKGROUND	Diabetes is a chronic , potentially debilitating , and often fatal disease .
BACKGROUND	Dietary strategies to reduce postprandial glycemia are important in the prevention and treatment of diabetes .
BACKGROUND	Nuts are rich in mono - and polyunsaturated fatty acids , which may reduce hyperglycemia and improve metabolism .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effectiveness of pistachio nut supplementation on glycemic and inflammatory measures in patients with type 2 diabetes .
METHODS	In this double-blind , randomized , placebo-controlled , crossover trial , 48 diabetic patients were equally assigned to groups A and B. Patients in group A received a snack of 25 g pistachio nuts twice a day for 12 weeks and group B received a control meal without nuts .
METHODS	After 12 weeks of intervention , the patients had an 8-week washout .
METHODS	Then the groups were displaced , and group B received the same amount of pistachios for 12 weeks .
RESULTS	With respect to the total change in variables over both phases , there was a marked decrease in HbA1c ( -0.4 % ) and fasting blood glucose ( FBG ) concentrations ( -16 mg/dl ) in the pistachio group compared with the control group ( p 0.001 for both ) .
RESULTS	There was no overall significant change in BMI , blood pressure , HOMA-IR , and C-reactive protein ( CRP ) concentrations .
RESULTS	Analysis of the two phases separately showed a decrease in FBG by 14 mg/dl and in HbA1c by 0.45 % in the treatment group ( A ) after 12 weeks , while no significant differences were seen in group B ( control group ) .
RESULTS	In the second phase , FBG decreased from 151.36 39.22 to 137.28 28.65 mg/dl ( -14 mg/dl ) and HbA1c decreased from 7.42 0.97 to 7.15 0.68 mg/dl ( -0.28 % , p = 0.013 and p = 0.033 , respectively ) in the pistachio group ( B ) .
RESULTS	Pistachio consumption reduced systolic blood pressure ( p = 0.007 ) , BMI ( p = 0.011 ) , and CRP ( p = 0.002 ) in patients from the treatment groups , but not insulin resistance .
CONCLUSIONS	Dietary consumption of pistachio nuts as a snack has beneficial effects on glycemic control , blood pressure , obesity , and inflammation markers in diabetic patients .

###25391549
OBJECTIVE	A hydrocodone extended-release ( ER ) formulation employing the CIMA ( ) Abuse-Deterrence Technology platform was developed to provide resistance against rapid release of hydrocodone when tablets are comminuted or taken with alcohol .
OBJECTIVE	This study evaluated the pharmacokinetics of three hydrocodone ER tablet prototypes with varying levels of polymer coating to identify the prototype expected to have the greatest abuse deterrence potential based on pharmacokinetic characteristics that maintain systemic exposure to hydrocodone comparable to that of a commercially available hydrocodone immediate-release ( IR ) product .
METHODS	In this four-period crossover study , healthy subjects aged 18-45 years were randomized to receive a single intact , oral 45-mg tablet of one of three hydrocodone ER prototypes ( low - , intermediate - , or high-level coating ) or an intact , oral tablet of hydrocodone IR/acetaminophen ( APAP ) 10/325 mg every 6 h until four tablets were administered , with each of the four treatments administered once over the four study periods .
METHODS	Dosing periods were separated by a minimum 5-day washout .
METHODS	Naltrexone 50 mg was administered to block opioid receptors .
METHODS	Blood samples for pharmacokinetic assessments were collected predose and through 72 h postdose .
METHODS	Parameters assessed included maximum observed plasma hydrocodone concentration ( C ( max ) ) , time to C ( max ) ( t ( max ) ) , and area under the concentration-time curve from time 0 to infinity ( AUC ( 0 - ) ) .
RESULTS	Mean C ( max ) values were 49.2 , 32.6 , and 28.4 ng/mL for the low - , intermediate - , and high-level coating hydrocodone ER tablet prototypes , respectively , and 37.3 ng/mL for the hydrocodone IR/APAP tablet ; respective median t ( max ) values were 5.9 , 8.0 , 8.0 , and 1.0 h. Total systemic exposure to hydrocodone ( AUC ( 0 - ) ) was comparable between hydrocodone ER tablet prototypes ( 640 , 600 , and 578 ngh/mL , respectively ) and hydrocodone IR/APAP ( 581 ngh/mL ) .
RESULTS	No serious adverse events or deaths were reported .
RESULTS	The most common adverse events included headache ( 26 % ) and nausea ( 18 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	All three hydrocodone ER tablet prototypes ( low - , intermediate - , and high-level polymer coating ) demonstrated ER pharmacokinetic characteristics .
CONCLUSIONS	The hydrocodone ER tablet prototype with the high-level coating was selected for development because of its comparable exposure to the hydrocodone IR/APAP formulation and potentially increased ability to resist rapid drug release upon product tampering because of a higher polymer coating level .
CONCLUSIONS	All study medications were well tolerated in healthy naltrexone-blocked volunteers .

###25016597
OBJECTIVE	A low FODMAP ( Fermentable Oligosaccharides , Disaccharides , Monosaccharides And Polyols ) diet reduces symptoms of IBS , but reduction of potential prebiotic and fermentative effects might adversely affect the colonic microenvironment .
OBJECTIVE	The effects of a low FODMAP diet with a typical Australian diet on biomarkers of colonic health were compared in a single-blinded , randomised , cross-over trial .
METHODS	Twenty-seven IBS and six healthy subjects were randomly allocated one of two 21-day provided diets , differing only in FODMAP content ( mean ( 95 % CI ) low 3.05 ( 1.86 to 4.25 ) g/day vs Australian 23.7 ( 16.9 to 30.6 ) g/day ) , and then crossed over to the other diet with 21-day washout period .
METHODS	Faeces passed over a 5-day run-in on their habitual diet and from day 17 to day 21 of the interventional diets were pooled , and pH , short-chain fatty acid concentrations and bacterial abundance and diversity were assessed .
RESULTS	Faecal indices were similar in IBS and healthy subjects during habitual diets .
RESULTS	The low FODMAP diet was associated with higher faecal pH ( 7.37 ( 7.23 to 7.51 ) vs. 7.16 ( 7.02 to 7.30 ) ; p = 0.001 ) , similar short-chain fatty acid concentrations , greater microbial diversity and reduced total bacterial abundance ( 9.63 ( 9.53 to 9.73 ) vs. 9.83 ( 9.72 to 9.93 ) log10 copies/g ; p < 0.001 ) compared with the Australian diet .
RESULTS	To indicate direction of change , in comparison with the habitual diet the low FODMAP diet reduced total bacterial abundance and the typical Australian diet increased relative abundance for butyrate-producing Clostridium cluster XIVa ( median ratio 6.62 ; p < 0.001 ) and mucus-associated Akkermansia muciniphila ( 19.3 ; p < 0.001 ) , and reduced Ruminococcus torques .
CONCLUSIONS	Diets differing in FODMAP content have marked effects on gut microbiota composition .
CONCLUSIONS	The implications of long-term reduction of intake of FODMAPs require elucidation .
BACKGROUND	ACTRN12612001185853 .

###25269885
OBJECTIVE	As compared with individual tablets , saxagliptin/metformin extended-release ( XR ) fixed-dose combination ( FDC ) tablets offer the potential for increased patient compliance with the convenience of once daily dosing .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of the present study was to show that the FDC of saxagliptin and metformin XR is bioequivalent to co-administration of the individual components when given to Chinese subjects residing in China .
METHODS	This was a randomized , open-label , single-dose , two-period , cross-over pharmacokinetic study in two cohorts of healthy adult Chinese male subjects ( n = 32 in each cohort ) under fed conditions .
METHODS	In cohort 1 , the pharmacokinetic properties of a saxagliptin/metformin XR 5/500mg FDC tablet were compared with those of co-administration of a 5mg saxagliptin tablet and a 500mg metformin XR tablet .
METHODS	In cohort 2 , the pharmacokinetic properties of a saxagliptin/metformin XR 5/1 ,000 mg FDC tablet were compared with those of co-administration of a 5mg saxagliptin tablet and 2500mg metformin XR tablets .
METHODS	The two cohorts were independent of each other with respect to treatment and results .
METHODS	The pharmacokinetic properties of the active metabolite of saxagliptin ( 5-hydroxy-saxagliptin ) , as well as the safety and tolerability of each treatment , were also evaluated .
RESULTS	For both cohorts , saxagliptin and metformin in the FDCs were bioequivalent to the individual components , as the limits of the 90 % confidence intervals of the geometric least squares mean ratios were contained within the 80-125 % bioequivalence limits for the area under the plasma concentration-time curve parameters and within the 70-143 % bioequivalence limits for the maximum plasma concentration .
RESULTS	Similar exposures of 5-hydroxy-saxagliptin were observed with the two treatment regimens within each cohort .
RESULTS	Co-administration of saxagliptin and metformin XR was generally safe and well tolerated as the FDCs or as individual tablets .
CONCLUSIONS	Saxagliptin/metformin XR 5/500mg and saxagliptin/metformin XR 5/1 ,000 mg FDCs were bioequivalent to individual tablets of saxagliptin and metformin XR of the same strengths and were generally well tolerated .
CONCLUSIONS	These results in healthy Chinese subjects are consistent with those of previous assessments of saxagliptin/metformin XR FDC in the saxagliptin clinical development programme .

###25006707
OBJECTIVE	To test a virtual case-based Simulated Diabetes Education intervention ( SimDE ) developed to teach primary care residents how to manage diabetes .
METHODS	Nineteen primary care residency programs , with 341 volunteer residents in all postgraduate years ( PGY ) , were randomly assigned to a SimDE intervention group or control group ( CG ) .
METHODS	The Web-based interactive educational intervention used computerized virtual patients who responded to provider actions through programmed simulation models .
METHODS	Eighteen distinct learning cases ( L-cases ) were assigned to SimDE residents over six months from 2010 to 2011 .
METHODS	Impact was assessed using performance on four virtual assessment cases ( A-cases ) , an objective knowledge test , and pre-post changes in self-assessed diabetes knowledge and confidence .
METHODS	Group comparisons were analyzed using generalized linear mixed models , controlling for clustering of residents within residency programs and differences in baseline knowledge .
RESULTS	The percentages of residents appropriately achieving A-case composite clinical goals for glucose , blood pressure , and lipids were as follows : A-case 1 : SimDE = 21.2 % , CG = 1.8 % , P = .002 ; A-case 2 : SimDE = 15.7 % , CG = 4.7 % , P = .02 ; A-case 3 : SimDE = 48.0 % , CG = 10.4 % , P < .001 ; and A-case 4 : SimDE = 42.1 % , CG = 18.7 % , P = .004 .
RESULTS	The mean knowledge score and pre-post changes in self-assessed knowledge and confidence were significantly better for SimDE group than CG participants .
CONCLUSIONS	A virtual case-based simulated diabetes education intervention improved diabetes management skills , knowledge , and confidence for primary care residents .

###24549550
OBJECTIVE	For many older people , long-term functional limitations persist after a hip fracture .
OBJECTIVE	The efficacy of a home exercise program with minimal supervision after formal hip fracture rehabilitation ends has not been established .
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether a home exercise program with minimal contact with a physical therapist improved function after formal hip fracture rehabilitation ended .
METHODS	Randomized clinical trial conducted from September 2008 to October 2012 in the homes of 232 functionally limited older adults who had completed traditional rehabilitation after a hip fracture .
METHODS	The intervention group ( n = 120 ) received functionally oriented exercises ( such as standing from a chair , climbing a step ) taught by a physical therapist and performed independently by the participants in their homes for 6 months .
METHODS	The attention control group ( n = 112 ) received in-home and telephone-based cardiovascular nutrition education .
METHODS	Physical function assessed at baseline , 6 months ( ie , at completion of the intervention ) , and 9 months by blinded assessors .
METHODS	The primary outcome was change in function at 6 months measured by the Short Physical Performance Battery ( SPPB ; range 0-12 , higher score indicates better function ) and the Activity Measure for Post-Acute Care ( AM-PAC ) mobility and daily activity ( range , 23-85 and 9-101 , higher score indicates better function ) .
RESULTS	Among the 232 randomized patients , 195 were followed up at 6 months and included in the primary analysis .
RESULTS	The intervention group ( n = 100 ) showed significant improvement relative to the control group ( n = 95 ) in functional mobility ( mean SPPB scores for intervention group : 6.2 [ SD , 2.7 ] at baseline , 7.2 [ SD , 3 ] at 6 months ; control group : 6.0 [ SD , 2.8 ] at baseline , 6.2 [ SD , 3 ] at 6 months ; and between-group differences : 0.8 [ 95 % CI , 0.4 to 1.2 ] , P < .001 ; mean AM-PAC mobility scores for intervention group : 56.2 [ SD , 7.3 ] at baseline , 58.1 [ SD , 7.9 ] at 6 months ; control group : 56 [ SD , 7.1 ] at baseline , 56.6 [ SD , 8.1 ] at 6 months ; and between-group difference , 1.3 [ 95 % CI , 0.2 to 2.4 ] , P = .03 ; and mean AM-PAC daily activity scores for intervention group : 57.4 [ SD , 13.7 ] at baseline , 61.3 [ SD , 15.7 ] at 6 months ; control group : 58.2 [ SD , 15.2 ] at baseline , 58.6 [ SD , 15.3 ] at 6 months ; and between-group difference , 3.5 [ 95 % CI , 0.9 to 6.0 ] , P = .03 ) .
RESULTS	In multiple imputation analyses , between-group differences remained significant for SPPB and AM-PAC daily activity , but not for mobility .
RESULTS	Significant between-group differences persisted at 9 months for all functional measures with and without imputation .
CONCLUSIONS	Among patients who had completed standard rehabilitation after hip fracture , the use of a home-based functionally oriented exercise program resulted in modest improvement in physical function at 6 months after randomization .
CONCLUSIONS	The clinical importance of these findings remains to be determined .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00592813 .

###25123978
OBJECTIVE	To explore any differences in efficacy and safety outcomes between European ( EU ) ( n = 684 ) and North American ( NA ) ( n = 395 ) patients in the AFFIRM trial ( NCT00974311 ) .
METHODS	Phase III , double-blind , placebo-controlled , multinational AFFIRM trial in men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer ( mCRPC ) after docetaxel .
METHODS	Participants were randomly assigned in a 2:1 ratio to receive oral enzalutamide 160mg/day or placebo .
METHODS	The primary end point was overall survival ( OS ) in a post hoc analysis .
RESULTS	Enzalutamide significantly improved OS compared with placebo in both EU and NA patients .
RESULTS	The median OS in EU patients was longer than NA patients in both treatment groups .
RESULTS	However , the relative treatment effect , expressed as hazard ratio and 95 % confidence interval , was similar in both regions : 0.64 ( 0.50 , 0.82 ) for EU and 0.63 ( 0.47 , 0.83 ) for NA .
RESULTS	Significant improvements in other end points further confirmed the benefit of enzalutamide over placebo in patients from both regions .
RESULTS	The tolerability profile of enzalutamide was comparable between EU and NA patients , with fatigue and nausea the most common adverse events .
RESULTS	Four EU patients ( 4/461 enzalutamide-treated , 0.87 % ) and one NA patient ( 1/263 enzalutamide-treated , 0.38 % ) had seizures .
RESULTS	The difference in median OS was related in part to the timing of development of mCRPC and baseline demographics on study entry .
CONCLUSIONS	This post hoc exploratory analysis of the AFFIRM trial showed a consistent OS benefit for enzalutamide in men with mCRPC who had previously progressed on docetaxel in both NA - and EU-treated patients , although the median OS was higher in EU relative to NA patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Efficacy benefits were consistent across end points , with a comparable safety profile in both regions .

###24576720
BACKGROUND	Although opioids are widely used as analgesics in general anaesthesia , they have unpleasant side-effects and can delay postoperative recovery .
BACKGROUND	Acupuncture and related techniques are effective for acute and chronic pain , and reduces some side-effects .
BACKGROUND	We assessed the effect of transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulation ( TEAS ) on intra-operative remifentanil consumption and the incidences of anaesthesia-related side-effects .
METHODS	Sixty patients undergoing sinusotomy were randomly assigned to TEAS or control group .
METHODS	TEAS consisted of 30 min of stimulation ( 6-9 mA , 2/10 Hz ) on the Hegu ( LI4 ) , Neiguan ( PC6 ) , and Zusanli ( ST36 ) before anaesthesia .
METHODS	The patients in the control group had the electrodes applied , but received no stimulation .
METHODS	Bispectral index was used to monitor the depth of anaesthesia .
METHODS	Perioperative haemodynamics were recorded , and peripheral blood samples were collected to measure the levels of mediators of surgical stress .
METHODS	The primary end point was intraoperative remifentanil consumption and the secondary endpoints were recovery quality and anaesthesia-related side-effects .
RESULTS	Patients in the TEAS group required 39 % less remifentanil during surgery than controls [ 0.0907 ( SD 0.026 ) g kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) vs 0.051 ( 0.018 ) g kg ( -1 ) min ( -1 ) ] .
RESULTS	There were no differences in intra-operative haemodynamics or surgical stress between groups .
RESULTS	However , the time to extubation and recall in the control group was 16.8 ( 6.8 ) min and 23.0 ( 5.0 ) min , respectively , significantly longer than that in the TEAS group ( P < 0.01 ) .
RESULTS	TEAS also decreased the incidence of dizziness and pruritus within the first 24 h after surgery ( P < 0.01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The use of TEAS significantly reduced intra-operative remifentanil consumption and alleviated postoperative side-effects in patients undergoing sinusotomy .
BACKGROUND	The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov ( NCT01700855 ) .

###24664649
BACKGROUND	Radial-head subluxation is an easily identified and treated injury .
BACKGROUND	We investigated whether triage nurses in the emergency department can safely reduce radial-head subluxation at rates that are not substantially lower than those of emergency department physicians .
METHODS	We performed an open , noninferiority , cluster-randomized control trial .
METHODS	Children aged 6 years and younger who presented to the emergency department with a presentation consistent with radial-head subluxation and who had sustained a known injury in the previous 12 hours were assigned to either nurse-initiated or physician-initiated treatment , depending on the day .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the proportion of children who had a successful reduction ( return to normal arm usage ) .
METHODS	We used a noninferiority margin of 10 % .
RESULTS	In total , 268 children were eligible for inclusion and 245 were included in the final analysis .
RESULTS	Of the children assigned to receive physician-initiated care , 96.7 % ( 117/121 ) had a successful reduction performed by a physician .
RESULTS	Of the children assigned to receive nurse-treatment care , 84.7 % ( 105/124 ) had a successful reduction performed by a nurse .
RESULTS	The difference in the proportion of successful radial head subluxations between the groups was 12.0 % ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 4.8 % to 19.7 % ) .
RESULTS	Noninferiority of nurse-initiated radial head subluxation was not shown .
CONCLUSIONS	In this trial , the rate of successful radial-head subluxation performed by nurses was inferior to the physician success rate .
CONCLUSIONS	Although the success rate in the nurse-initiated care group did not meet the non-inferiority margin , nurses were able to reduce radial head subluxation for almost 85 % of children who presented with probable radial-head subluxation .
BACKGROUND	Clinical Trials.gov , no .
BACKGROUND	NCT00993954 .

###24304745
BACKGROUND	One in ten people aged between 55 to 74 years have a significant hearing impairment in their better hearing ear ( as defined by audiometric hearing thresholds ) .
BACKGROUND	However , it is becoming increasingly clear that the challenges faced by older listeners can not be explained by the audiogram alone .
BACKGROUND	The ability for people with hearing loss to use cognition to support speech perception allows for compensation of the degraded auditory input .
BACKGROUND	This in turn offers promise for new cognitive-based rehabilitative interventions .
BACKGROUND	Working memory is known to be highly associated with language comprehension and recent evidence has shown significant generalization of learning from trained working memory tasks to improvements in sentence-repetition skills of children with severe to profound hearing loss .
BACKGROUND	This evidence offers support for further investigation into the potential benefits of working memory training to improve speech perception abilities in other hearing impaired populations .
METHODS	This is a double-blind randomized active controlled trial aiming to assess whether a program of working memory training results in improvements in untrained measures of cognition , speech perception and self-reported hearing abilities in adult hearing aid users aged ( 50 to 74 years ) with mild-to-moderate hearing loss hearing aid users , compared with an active control group who receive a placebo version of the working memory training program .
CONCLUSIONS	The present study aims to generate high-quality preliminary evidence for the efficacy of working memory training for adult hearing aid users with mild-to-moderate sensorineural hearing loss who are existing hearing aid users .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial addresses a number of gaps in the published literature assessing training interventions for people with hearing loss , and in the general literature surrounding working memory training , such as the inclusion of an active control group , participant and tester blinding , and increased transparency in reporting .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01892007 .
BACKGROUND	Date of registration : 27 June 2013 .

###25869369
OBJECTIVE	To investigate whether a responsive stimulation intervention delivered to caregivers of young children either alone or integrated with nutrition interventions would benefit parenting skills and emotional availability to promote children 's development and growth compared with either a nutrition intervention alone or the usual standard of care .
METHODS	A cluster randomized factorial effectiveness trial was implemented in an impoverished community in Pakistan .
METHODS	The 4 trial arms were control ( usual standard of care ) , responsive stimulation ( responsive care and stimulation ) , enhanced nutrition ( education and multiple micronutrients ) , and a combination of both enriched interventions .
METHODS	The 4 intervention packages were delivered by community health workers to 1489 mother-infant dyads in the first 2 years of life .
METHODS	Parenting skills and emotional availability indexed by mother-child interaction , caregiving environment , knowledge and practices pertaining to early childhood care and feeding , and maternal depressive symptoms were assessed at multiple intervals .
METHODS	An intention-to-treat factorial analysis was conducted .
RESULTS	Intervention groups were comparable at baseline .
RESULTS	Responsive stimulation significantly benefitted parenting skills with large effect sizes on mother-child interaction ( Cohen 's d 0.8 ) , caregiving environment ( Cohen 's d 0.9-1 .0 ) , and knowledge and practices ( Cohen 's d 0.7-1 .1 ) compared with small-modest significant effects as a result of nutrition intervention on mother-child interaction and caregiving environment only ( Cohen 's d 0.4 and 0.2 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	The combined intervention had a small significant effect on decreasing maternal depressive symptoms over time ( Cohen 's d 0-0 .2 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	A responsive stimulation intervention can promote positive caregiving behaviors among impoverished families .
CONCLUSIONS	Additional research is needed on interventions to reduce maternal depressive symptoms .

###25016366
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy of behavior activation ( BA ) + low vision rehabilitation ( LVR ) with supportive therapy ( ST ) + LVR to prevent depressive disorders in patients with age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) .
METHODS	Single-masked , attention-controlled , randomized , clinical trial with outcome assessment at 4 months .
METHODS	Patients with AMD and subsyndromal depressive symptoms attending retina practices ( n = 188 ) .
METHODS	Before randomization , all subjects had 2 outpatient LVR visits , and were then randomized to in-home BA+LVR or ST+LVR .
METHODS	Behavior activation is a structured behavioral treatment that aims to increase adaptive behaviors and achieve valued goals .
METHODS	Supportive therapy is a nondirective , psychological treatment that provides emotional support and controls for attention .
METHODS	The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV defined depressive disorder based on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 ( primary outcome ) , Activities Inventory , National Eye Institute Vision Function Questionnaire-25 plus Supplement ( NEI-VFQ ) , and NEI-VFQ quality of life ( secondary outcomes ) .
RESULTS	At 4 months , 11 BA+LVR subjects ( 12.6 % ) and 18 ST+LVR subjects ( 23.4 % ) developed a depressive disorder ( relative risk [ RR ] , 0.54 ; 95 % CI , 0.27-1 .06 ; P = 0.067 ) .
RESULTS	In planned adjusted analyses the RR was 0.51 ( 95 % CI , 0.27-0 .98 ; P = 0.04 ) .
RESULTS	A mediational analysis suggested that BA+LVR prevented depression to the extent that it enabled subjects to remain socially engaged .
RESULTS	In addition , BA+LVR was associated with greater improvements in functional vision than ST+LVR , although there was no significant between-group difference .
RESULTS	There was no significant change or between-group difference in quality of life .
CONCLUSIONS	An integrated mental health and low vision intervention halved the incidence of depressive disorders relative to standard outpatient LVR in patients with AMD .
CONCLUSIONS	As the population ages , the number of persons with AMD and the adverse effects of comorbid depression will increase .
CONCLUSIONS	Promoting interactions between ophthalmology , optometry , rehabilitation , psychiatry , and behavioral psychology may prevent depression in this population .

###24600214
BACKGROUND	Both peripheral nerve blocks with sedation or general anesthesia can be used for total knee replacement surgery .
OBJECTIVE	We compared these anesthetic techniques on the postoperative quality of recovery early in elderly patients .
METHODS	In our study , 213 patients who were 65 years old and undergoing total knee replacement were randomized to peripheral nerve blocks ( PNBs ) - lumbar plexus and sciatic - with propofol sedation , or general anesthesia with combined propofol and remifentanil .
METHODS	Blocks were performed using nerve stimulation and 0.35 % ropivacaine .
METHODS	All patients received postoperative multimodal analgesia .
METHODS	Postoperative recovery was assessed at 15 minutes , 40 minutes , 1 day , 3 days , and 7 days after surgery , with the Postoperative Quality of Recovery Scale , in physiological , nociceptive , emotive , modified activities of daily living , modified cognitive , and overall patient perspective domains .
RESULTS	Intraoperative blood pressure and heart rate were more stable with PNBs ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The recovery was better with PNBs in physiological ( P < 0.001 ) , emotive ( depression and anxiety ) ( P < 0.001 ) , nociceptive ( pain and nausea ) ( P < 0.001 ) , modified cognitive ( P < 0.001 ) , and all domains recovery ( P < 0.001 ) , but not in activities of daily living ( P = 0.181 ) .
RESULTS	Intraoperative drugs and the postoperative sulfentanil requirement of the PNBs group were lower ( all P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Differences were greatest early after surgery with equivalence by 1 week .
RESULTS	Satisfaction was high and not different between groups ( P = 0.059 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Lumbar plexus and sciatic blocks with sedation facilitates faster postoperative recovery than general anesthesia , but not at 1 week after total knee replacement in patients who were 65 years or older .
CONCLUSIONS	The trial has been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov .
CONCLUSIONS	( NCT01871012 ) .

###25803648
OBJECTIVE	To perform a pilot study to assess the feasibility of performing a phase III trial of therapeutic hypothermia started early and continued for at least 72 hours in children with severe traumatic brain injury .
METHODS	Multicenter prospective randomized controlled phase II trial .
METHODS	All eight of the PICUs in Australia and New Zealand and one in Canada .
METHODS	Children 1-15 years old with severe traumatic brain injury and who could be randomized within 6 hours of injury .
METHODS	The control group had strict normothermia to a temperature of 36-37C for 72 hours .
METHODS	The intervention group had therapeutic hypothermia to a temperature of 32-33C for 72 hours followed by slow rewarming at a rate compatible with maintaining intracranial pressure and cerebral perfusion pressure .
RESULTS	Of 764 children admitted to PICU with traumatic brain injury , 92 ( 12 % ) were eligible and 55 ( 7.2 % ) were recruited .
RESULTS	There were five major protocol violations ( 9 % ) : three related to recruitment and consent processes and two to incorrect temperature management .
RESULTS	Rewarming took a median of 21.5 hours ( 16-35hr ) and was performed without compromise in the cerebral perfusion pressure .
RESULTS	There was no increase in any complications , including infections , bleeding , and arrhythmias .
RESULTS	There was no difference in outcomes 12 months after injury ; in the therapeutic hypothermia group , four ( 17 % ) had a bad outcome ( pediatric cerebral performance category , 4-6 ) and three ( 13 % ) died , whereas in the normothermia group , three ( 12 % ) had a bad outcome and one ( 4 % ) died .
CONCLUSIONS	Early therapeutic hypothermia in children with severe traumatic brain injury does not improve outcome and should not be used outside a clinical trial .
CONCLUSIONS	Recruitment rates were lower and outcomes were better than expected .
CONCLUSIONS	Conventional randomized controlled trials in children with severe traumatic brain injury are unlikely to be feasible .
CONCLUSIONS	A large international trials group and alternative approaches to trial design will be required to further inform practice .

###26011959
OBJECTIVE	To compare early visual function between patients undergoing phacoemulsification combined with multifocal and accommodative intraocular lens implantation .
METHODS	A total of 112 patients with age-related cataract undergoing phacoemulsification in our hospital were recruited for this study and randomly assigned into multifocal ( 56 eyes ; ZAM00 group ) and accommodative ( 56 eyes ; FLEX group ) intraocular lens groups .
METHODS	Visual acuity and contrast sensitivity were statistically compared between the two groups .
RESULTS	No significant difference was found in uncorrected distant visual acuity between the ZMA00 and FLEX groups at 1 week , or 1 , 3 , and 6 months after operation ( all P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	At postoperative 6 months , no statistical significance was noted in distant and intermediate best-corrected visual acuity or in contrast sensitivity between the two groups ( all P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Patients in the ZMA00 group were superior to their counterparts in the FLEX group regarding near best corrected visual acuity , reading speed , and spectacle independence ( all P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	ZMA00 and FLEX IOL implantation can provide excellent distant and intermediate visual acuity for patients with age-related cataract .
CONCLUSIONS	ZMA00 IOL is superior to FLEX in terms of near visual acuity .

###24675035
BACKGROUND	A conformable self-expandable metallic stent was developed to overcome the limitation of previous self-expandable metallic stents .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to evaluate outcomes after placement of conformable covered and uncovered self-expandable metallic stents for palliation of malignant gastroduodenal obstruction .
METHODS	A single-blind , randomized , parallel-group , prospective study were conducted in 4 medical centres between March 2009 and July 2012.134 patients with unresectable malignant gastroduodenal obstruction were assigned to a covered double-layered ( n = 66 ) or uncovered unfixed-cell braided ( n = 68 ) stent placement group .
METHODS	Primary analysis was performed to compare re-intervention rates between two groups .
RESULTS	120 patients were analysed ( 59 in the covered group and 61 in the uncovered group ) .
RESULTS	Overall rates of re-intervention were not significantly different between the two groups : 13/59 ( 22.0 % ) in the covered group vs. 13/61 ( 21.3 % ) in the uncovered group , p = 0.999 .
RESULTS	Stent migration was more frequent in the covered group than in the uncovered group ( p = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	The tumour ingrowth rate was higher in the uncovered group than in the covered group ( p = 0.016 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The rates of re-intervention did not significantly differ between the two stents .
CONCLUSIONS	Conformable covered double-layered and uncovered unfixed-cell braided stents were associated with different patterns of stent malfunction .

###24517052
OBJECTIVE	To observe the curative effect of Xinfeng Capsule ( XC ) in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) .
METHODS	Recruited were 80 active RA patients , who were randomly assigned to the normal control group and the treatment group , 40 in each group .
METHODS	All patients received the same routine anti-rheumatic treatment : Methotrexate 10 mg per week ; Diclofenac 50 mg when pain was obvious , twice daily .
METHODS	Patients in the treatment group took XC 3 tablets each time , thrice daily .
METHODS	All treatment lasted for 12 consecutive weeks .
METHODS	Serum iron ( SI ) , serum ferritin ( SF ) , transferrin ( TRF ) ; and RA disease activity index ( DAS-28 ) were detected in all patients .
RESULTS	XC could improve HAQ , DAS-28 , hypersensitive C reactive protein ( hs-CRP ) , prostaglandins A ( PGA ) , erythrocyte sedimentation rate ( ESR ) , number of swelling joints , number of tender joints , and morning stiffness time in acute RA patients , showing statistical difference when compared with those of the control group ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Compared with the control group , SI , SF , DAS-28 , and TRF significantly decreased in the treatment group ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	XC could improve DAS-28 , and SI reserve in patients with active RA , and lower DAS-28 related indicators .

###25151205
OBJECTIVE	Our purpose was to evaluate ertapenem versus ceftriaxone/metronidazole for prophylaxis of surgical site infections ( SSIs ) following elective colorectal surgery in Chinese adult patients .
METHODS	Eligible Chinese adults aged 18-80 years scheduled to undergo elective colorectal surgery by laparotomy were randomized to receive a 30 min infusion of 1 g of ertapenem/metronidazole placebo or 2 g of ceftriaxone/500 mg of metronidazole within 2 h before initial incision .
METHODS	The study endpoint was the proportion of patients with successful prophylaxis at 4 weeks after treatment .
METHODS	The primary analysis was based on the evaluable population ( PP population ) and the pre-specified non-inferiority margin was set at -15 % .
METHODS	ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01254344 .
RESULTS	Of 599 patients randomized , 499 ( 251 ertapenem and 248 ceftriaxone ) were eligible for inclusion in the PP population .
RESULTS	The proportions of patients with successful prophylaxis in the ertapenem and ceftriaxone groups were 90.4 % ( 227/251 ) and 90.3 % ( 224/248 ) , respectively .
RESULTS	The difference in the proportion of successful outcomes was 0.1 % ( 95 % CI -5.2 % , 5.5 % ) .
RESULTS	Unexplained antibiotic use was the most frequent reason for prophylaxis failure in both groups [ ertapenem 4.8 % ( 12/251 ) , ceftriaxone 4.4 % ( 11/248 ) ; difference 0.3 % ; 95 % CI -3.6 , 4.3 ] .
RESULTS	Pathogen species isolated from SSI sources were consistent with previously conducted studies and the product package insert .
RESULTS	The incidence of adverse events ( AEs ) was similar between the groups , with the most common AE being pyrexia [ ertapenem 7.6 % ( 22/290 ) , ceftriaxone 5.7 % ( 17/297 ) ] .
CONCLUSIONS	Ertapenem is as effective as ceftriaxone/metronidazole for SSI prophylaxis in patients undergoing elective colorectal surgery , and is well tolerated .

###25198030
BACKGROUND	This study evaluates the safety and efficacy of specific sublingual immunotherapy ( SLIT ) against grass pollen allergens in patients > 60 years of age with seasonal allergic rhinitis ( SAR ) and/or asthma .
BACKGROUND	This study sought to assess nasal symptoms during the grass pollen season , reduce medication use , and monitor adverse reactions during immunotherapy .
METHODS	Seventy-eight 60 - to 70-year-old patients with SAR and a confirmed grass pollen allergy according to skin-prick tests , nasal provocation , and measurement of serum IgE were included in the study .
METHODS	The patients were individually randomized to the active or placebo groups using a double-blind method .
METHODS	A total of 41 subjects in the SLIT group ( 5 grass pollen mixture ) and 37 subjects in the placebo group were monitored for 3 years .
METHODS	The patients were required to record each use of an antiallergy medication on a diary card .
RESULTS	Thirty-eight patients completed 3 years ( preseasonal ) of SLIT , and 34 subjects finished the placebo treatment in the same time period .
RESULTS	The total nasal symptom score decreased by 64 % in the active group and 7 % in the placebo group after SLIT .
RESULTS	This difference was only significant in the active group ( p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	At the end of therapy , the total medication score of the active group decreased significantly by a maximum of 51 % ( p < 0.05 ) , whereas the total medication score of the placebo group had an insignificant decrease .
RESULTS	None of the study participants had systemic adverse reactions during the study period .
CONCLUSIONS	SLIT in elderly patients with a grass pollen allergy generated a significant clinical improvement in the active group compared with the placebo group for grass pollen season .
CONCLUSIONS	This therapy was well tolerated .

###24635370
OBJECTIVE	Comparison of duration of surgery , blood loss , complications , lenght of post-operative hospitalisation and post-operative morbidity in a group of patient operated for the diagnosis FtM transsexualism .
METHODS	Retrospective clinical study .
METHODS	In our set of patients were 163 FtM transsexuals with caryotype 46 XX and normal gynecological finding ( 81 virgins ) .
METHODS	They were operated on from 1998-2012 at Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology The First Faculty of Medicine Charles University in Prague and Hospital Na Bulovce after at least of 12 months of hormonal preparation .
METHODS	We used following types of hysterectomy and bilateral adnexectomy : total abdominal hysterectomy from infraumbilical median laparotomy ( AHL ) or from suprapubic transverse incision - Pfannenstiel ( AH ) , laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomy ( LAVH ) , total laparoscopic hysterectomy ( TLH ) .
METHODS	In two patients TLH and colpectomy was performed in one setting .
RESULTS	In the 23 AHL group the duration of the surgery was 54 minute , blood loss was 226 ml and the length of post-operative hospitalisation was 6.7 days .
RESULTS	In the 22 individualy of AH group the duration of the surgery was 60 minute , blood loss was 240 ml and the length of post-operative hospitalisation was 6.1 days .
RESULTS	In 4 patients of LAVH group the duration of the surgery was 73 minute , blood loss 200 ml and the length of post-operative hospitalisation was 5 days .
RESULTS	In the TLH group ( 112 pts ) the duration of the surgery was 91 minutes , blood loss was 121 ml and the length of post-operative hospitalisation was 4.4 days .
RESULTS	In the 2 TLH with colpectomy group the duration of the surgery was 152 minute , blood loss was 250 ml and the length of post-operative hospitalisation was 5.5 days .
RESULTS	In one case a peroperative lesion of urinary bladder occured and once a conversion TLH to AH for a strong vaginal bleeding was necessary .
RESULTS	Among postoperative complication in one case subileus in AH group was diagnosed , once vaginal bleeding , once haematoma in the suture and one case of secondary healing .
RESULTS	Postoperative complication after TLH included 4 times bleeding from vaginal suture , once haematoma in Douglas pouch , once seroma in the place of trocar insertion , once subileus .
RESULTS	Once ureter was injured and treated by the ureteral stent insertion .
RESULTS	Complication after AHL and LAVH were not recognised .
CONCLUSIONS	Total laparoscopic hysterectomy is the method of choice in the group of FtM transsexuals .
CONCLUSIONS	This technique could be used also in nuliparous women with long and narrow vagina .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with laparotomic approach lower blood loss and shorter hospital stay was proved .
CONCLUSIONS	Earlier restitution of full activity is another advantage .
CONCLUSIONS	Musculus rectus abdominis flap can be used for phallus construction .
CONCLUSIONS	The only significant disadvantage is a longer duration of surgery .

###25236993
BACKGROUND	Nocturia is a chronic , fluctuating disease that disrupts sleep and has a wide-ranging impact on quality of life .
BACKGROUND	Valid tools to measure the patient-reported impact of nocturia are essential for evaluating the value of treatment , but the available tools are suboptimal .
OBJECTIVE	This study reports the development and validation of the Nocturia Impact Diary-an augmented form of the Nocturia Quality of Life questionnaire designed to be completed in conjunction with the widely used 3-day voiding diary .
METHODS	The process comprised three steps : Step 1 : Development of a concept pool using the Nocturia Quality of Life questionnaire and data from relevant studies ; Step 2 : Content validity study ; Step 3 : Psychometric testing of construct validity , reliability , and sensitivity of the diary in a randomized , placebo-controlled study in patients with nocturia .
RESULTS	Step 1 : Fourteen items and 4 domains were included in the first draft of the diary .
RESULTS	Step 2 : Twenty-three patients with nocturia participated in the cognitive debriefing study .
RESULTS	Items were adjusted accordingly , and the content validity was high .
RESULTS	Step 3 : Fifty-six patients were randomized to desmopressin orally disintegrating tablet or placebo .
RESULTS	The diary demonstrated high construct validity , with good sensitivity and a good fit to Rasch model , as well as high internal consistency , discriminatory ability , and acceptable sensitivity to change .
RESULTS	Results indicated that the diary was unidimensional .
CONCLUSIONS	The Nocturia Impact Diary is a convenient , validated patient-reported outcome measure .
CONCLUSIONS	It should be used in conjunction with a voiding diary to capture the real-life consequences of nocturia and its treatment .

###24280476
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the introduction of case tariff fee remuneration - as required by the current system - and its influence on patient satisfaction with the provision of physiotherapeutic treatment in an acute hospital aligned on a holistic , interdisciplinary therapeutic approach .
METHODS	Randomised controlled study with a total of 4598 patients were interviewed .
METHODS	No case tariff fee system was used during the years 2004 to 2006 .
METHODS	The data were compared with the results of interviews that took place during 2007 and 2008 ( use of DRGs ) .
METHODS	The results of this study are based on the largest survey performed to date of patient satisfaction with physiotherapeutic treatment in acute care focusing on a holistic interdisciplinary approach .
METHODS	In-patients being treated under DRG conditions were compared with a control group for whom the DRG system had not been applied .
METHODS	The target parameter of the study , which took more than five years , was the determination of patient satisfaction with the physiotherapeutic interventions .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences between the two groups in respect of satisfaction with the physiotherapeutic treatments received .
RESULTS	Regarding the outcome parameter encouragement to take more exercise , a significant change could be demonstrated under DRG conditions .
CONCLUSIONS	Physiotherapeutic interventions play an important role in the provision of interdisciplinary care .
CONCLUSIONS	In particular , the holistic perception of the patient , the interdisciplinary approach to complex diseases , and the requirements of the DRG system on the care provider can exert a positive influence on outcome quality .

###25420552
BACKGROUND	Performing regular exercise is known to manifest a number of health benefits that mainly relate to cardiovascular and muscular adaptations to allow for greater oxygen extraction and utilization .
BACKGROUND	There is increasing evidence that nutrient intake can affect the adaptive response to a single exercise bout , and that protein feeding is important to facilitate this process .
BACKGROUND	Thus , the exercise-nutrient interaction may potentially lead to a greater response to training .
BACKGROUND	The role of post-exercise protein ingestion in enhancing the effects of running-based endurance exercise training relative to energy-matched carbohydrate intervention remains to be established .
BACKGROUND	Additionally , the influence of immediate versus overnight protein ingestion in mediating these training effects is currently unknown .
BACKGROUND	The current protocol aims to establish whether post-exercise nutrient intake and timing would influence the magnitude of improvements during a prescribed endurance training program .
METHODS	The project involves two phases with each involving two treatment arms applied in a randomized investigator-participant double-blind parallel group design .
METHODS	For each treatment , participants will be required to undergo six weeks of running-based endurance training .
METHODS	Immediately post-exercise , participants will be prescribed solutions providing 0.4 grams per kilogram of body mass ( g kg ( -1 ) ) of whey protein hydrolysate plus 0.4 g kg ( -1 ) sucrose , relative to an isocaloric sucrose control ( 0.8 g kg ( -1 ) ; Phase I ) .
METHODS	In Phase II , identical protein supplements will be provided ( 0.4 + 0.4 g kg ( -1 ) h ( -1 ) of whey protein hydrolysate and sucrose , respectively ) , with the timing of ingestion manipulated to compare immediate versus overnight recovery feedings .
METHODS	Anthropometric , expired gas , venous blood and muscle biopsy samples will be obtained at baseline and following the six-week training period .
CONCLUSIONS	By investigating the role of nutrition in enhancing the effects of endurance exercise training , we will provide novel insight regarding nutrient-exercise interactions and the potential to help and develop effective methods to maximize health or performance outcomes in response to regular exercise .
BACKGROUND	Current Controlled Trials registration number : ISRCTN27312291 ( date assigned : 4 December 2013 ) .
BACKGROUND	The first participant was randomized on 11 December 2013 .

###25068290
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to assess changes in myositis core set measures and ancillary clinical and laboratory data from the National Institutes of Health 's subset of patients enrolled in the Rituximab in Myositis trial .
METHODS	Eighteen patients ( 5 dermatomyositis , 8 polymyositis , 5 juvenile dermatomyositis ) completed more in-depth testing of muscle strength and cutaneous assessments , patient-reported outcomes , and laboratory tests before and after administration of rituximab .
METHODS	Percentage change in individual measures and in the definitions of improvement ( DOIs ) and standardized response means were examined over 44 weeks .
RESULTS	Core set activity measures improved by 18-70 % from weeks 0-44 and were sensitive to change .
RESULTS	Fifteen patients met the DOI at week 44 , 9 patients met a DOI 50 % response , and 4 met a DOI 70 % response .
RESULTS	Muscle strength and function measures were more sensitive to change than cutaneous assessments .
RESULTS	Constitutional , gastrointestinal , and pulmonary systems improved 44-70 % .
RESULTS	Patient-reported outcomes improved up to 28 % .
RESULTS	CD20 + B cells were depleted in the periphery , but B cell depletion was not associated with clinical improvement at week 16 .
CONCLUSIONS	This subset of patients had high rates of clinical response to rituximab , similar to patients in the overall trial .
CONCLUSIONS	Most measures were responsive , and muscle strength had a greater degree of change than cutaneous assessments .
CONCLUSIONS	Several novel assessment tools , including measures of strength and function , extra-muscular organ activity , fatigue , and health-related quality of life , are promising for use in future myositis trials .
CONCLUSIONS	Further study of B cell-depleting therapies in myositis , particularly in treatment-nave patients , is warranted .

###24484540
BACKGROUND	Rapid diagnostic tests ( RDTs ) for malaria provide a practical alternative to light microscopy for malaria diagnosis in resource-limited settings .
BACKGROUND	Three-band RDTs incorporating two parasite antigens may have enhanced diagnostic specificity , relative to two-band RDTs with a single parasite antigen ( typically histidine-rich protein 2 [ HRP2 ] ) .
METHODS	Phase 1 : 2,000 children , two months to five years of age , admitted to a referral hospital in Jinja , Uganda , with acute febrile illness were enrolled .
METHODS	A WHO highly rated three-band RDT was compared to light microscopy of thick peripheral blood films read by local expert microscopists.Phase 2 : the three-band RDT was used as a screening tool for inclusion of patients in a clinical trial , and subjects with three positive RDT bands were tested by microscopy using blood samples drawn in parallel .
METHODS	Discordant results were adjudicated by PCR .
RESULTS	Phase 1 : 1,648 children had both a RDT and peripheral blood smear performed .
RESULTS	The specificity of a RDT with all three bands positive was 82 % ( 95 % CI : 79-85 % ) compared to 62 % ( 95 % CI : 59-66 % ) for HRP2 alone .
RESULTS	The sensitivity was 88 % ( 95 % CI : 85-89 % ) and 94 % ( 95 % CI : 92-95 % ) for three-band positive RDT and HRP2 antigen , respectively .
RESULTS	119 patients ( 7.2 % ) had a positive HRP2 band , but negative parasite lactate dehydrogenase ( pLHD ) band and negative peripheral smear , and 72 ( 61 % ) of these had received pre-treatment with anti-malarials , suggesting a false positive HRP2 result ( p = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	Phase 2 : the positive predictive value ( PPV ) of the three-band RDT was 94 % ( 95 % CI 89 % -97 % ) using microscopy as the reference standard .
RESULTS	However , microscopy-discordant results were shown to be positive for P. falciparum by PCR in all cases , suggesting that the PPV was in fact higher .
CONCLUSIONS	The pLDH antigen on three-band RDTs , used in combination with HRP2 , provides added diagnostic specificity for malaria parasitaemia and may be useful to distinguish acute infection from recently treated infection .
CONCLUSIONS	In situations where diagnostic specificity is desirable ( e.g. , for selection of malaria-infected participants in clinical trials ) , a three-band RDT should be considered in a sub-Saharan African setting .

###24657333
BACKGROUND	Hydrochlorothiazide , an effective antihypertensive medication commonly prescribed to blacks , decreases urinary calcium excretion .
BACKGROUND	Blacks have significantly higher rates of hypertension and lower levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D. Thus , they are more likely to be exposed to vitamin D supplementation and thiazide diuretics .
BACKGROUND	The risk for hypercalcemia among blacks using vitamin D and hydrochlorothiazide is undefined .
METHODS	We assessed the frequency of hypercalcemia in hydrochlorothiazide users in a post hoc analysis of a randomized , double-blind , dose-finding trial of 328 blacks ( median age 51 years ) assigned to either placebo , or 1000 , 2000 , or 4000 international units of cholecalciferol ( vitamin D3 ) daily for 3 months during the winter ( 2007-2010 ) .
RESULTS	Of the 328 participants , 84 reported hydrochlorothiazide use and had serum calcium levels assessed .
RESULTS	Additionally , a comparison convenience group of 44 enrolled participants who were not taking hydrochlorothiazide had serum calcium measurements at 3 months , but not at baseline .
RESULTS	At 3 months , hydrochlorothiazide participants had higher calcium levels ( 0.2 mg/dL , P < .001 ) than nonhydrochlorothiazide participants , but only one participant in the hydrochlorothiazide group had hypercalcemia .
RESULTS	In contrast , none of the nonhydrochlorothiazide participants had hypercalcemia .
RESULTS	In a linear regression model adjusted for age , sex , 25-hydroxyvitamin D at 3 months , and other covariates , only hydrochlorothiazide use ( Estimate [ SE ] : 0.05 [ 0.01 ] , P = .01 ) predicted serum calcium at 3 months .
CONCLUSIONS	In summary , vitamin D3 supplementation up to 4000 IU in hydrochlorothiazide users is associated with an increase in serum calcium but a low frequency of hypercalcemia .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings suggest that participants of this population can use hydrochlorothiazide with up to 4000 IU of vitamin D3 daily and experience a low frequency of hypercalcemia .

###24862906
BACKGROUND	This study determined whether the presence of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia ( NSVT ) was predictive of clinical events in MADIT-CRT ( multicenter automatic defibrillator implantation trial-cardiac resynchronization therapy ) patients treated with CRT-defibrillator .
RESULTS	We analyzed 24-hour Holters for the presence of NSVT .
RESULTS	Patients were then stratified by the etiology ( ischemic or nonischemic ) of cardiomyopathy .
RESULTS	The impact of NSVT on heart failure events ( HF ) , implantable cardioverter-defibrillator ( ICD ) therapy for rapid ventricular tachycardia ( VT ) or fibrillation ( VF ) , and reverse remodeling was determined .
RESULTS	At least a single episode of NSVT was recorded in 483 ( 49 % ) patients .
RESULTS	These patients had a higher burden of premature ventricular contractions , lower percentage of biventricular ( BiV ) pacing , and significantly less reduction in left ventricular end-diastolic and end-systolic volumes .
RESULTS	The risk of HF was significantly greater in patients with nonischemic cardiomyopathy and NSVT ( hazard ratio [ HR ] 2.89 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] : 1.49-5 .61 ; P = 0.002 ) .
RESULTS	The risk of rapid VT/VF was significantly greater ( in both ischemic and nonischemic patients ) when NSVT was observed ( HR 2.06 ; 95 % CI : 1.30-3 .26 ; P = 0.002 in ischemic patients ; HR 3.09 ; 95 % CI : 1.80-5 .28 ; P < 0.001 in nonischemic patients ) .
CONCLUSIONS	MADIT-CRT patients with NSVT had a high burden of ventricular ectopy , lower percentage of BiV pacing , and less reverse remodeling .
CONCLUSIONS	These patients had an increase in HF ( in nonischemic cardiomyopathy patients ) and rapid VT/VF ICD therapies ( in ischemic and nonischemic patients ) .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings may have implications for the management of nonsustained ventricular ectopy in CRT patients .

###25171883
OBJECTIVE	Postoperative esophageal strictures frequently recur .
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the efficacy of injecting triamcinolone after bougie dilation in comparison to dilation alone .
METHODS	In a double-blind randomized fashion , 19 patients ( 68 % male with mean age of 53-years old ) with non-dilated esophagogastric complex strictures after esophagectomy with gastric pull-up were assigned to receive dilation alone ( control ) or 40 mg of triamcinolone at the borders of the wall lacerations caused by the bougienage in each dilation session during the study follow-up .
METHODS	Dysphagia and complications were assessed at 1 , 2 , and 6 months .
METHODS	Primary end-point was to be dysphagia-free .
RESULTS	After 1 month of the beginning of therapy , 4 patients in the steroid group were without dysphagia , in comparison to 0 patient in the control group ( P = 0.021 ) .
RESULTS	Six months after endoscopic therapy , 62 % of the cases in the triamcinolone group versus none in the control group were dysphagia-free ( P = 0.009 ) .
RESULTS	There was no perforation nor hemorrhage .
CONCLUSIONS	Injecting triamcinolone after every dilation session next to or at the borders of the lacerations caused by the dilators , results in a significant improvement or resolution of dysphagia .

###24566599
OBJECTIVE	Few publications of prospective studies have described patient outcomes in community-acquired bacterial pneumonia ( CABP ) - associated bacteremia .
OBJECTIVE	Our objective , in performing this subgroup analysis , was to assess outcomes in subjects with CABP-associated bacteremia in 2 randomized , double-blind clinical studies comparing treatment with ceftaroline fosamil versus ceftriaxone .
METHODS	Our analysis summarizes baseline subject demographics , distribution of baseline pathogens isolated from blood cultures , clinical response rates at Day 4 , and clinical cure rates at end of therapy and test of cure ( 8 to 15 days after end of therapy ) in subjects with bacteremic CABP in the ceFtarOline Community-acquired pneUmonia trial vS ceftriaxone in hospitalized patients ( FOCUS ) studies .
RESULTS	In the FOCUS studies , 23 of 614 patients in the ceftaroline fosamil-treated group and 22 of 614 patients in the ceftriaxone-treated group had CABP-associated bacteremia .
RESULTS	Baseline demographics were similar between groups .
RESULTS	Streptococcus pneumoniae was the most common baseline bloodstream isolate .
RESULTS	For subjects with CABP-associated bacteremia , clinical response/cure rates were similar at Day 4 ( 60.9 % vs 59.1 % ) , end of therapy ( 69.6 % vs 72.7 % ) , and test of cure ( 69.6 % vs 68.2 % ) for ceftaroline fosamil and ceftriaxone , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	In subjects with CABP-associated bacteremia , ceftaroline fosamil demonstrated similar clinical outcomes at Day 4 , end of therapy , and test of cure compared with ceftriaxone .

###24560554
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate changes in anterior corneal topography after femtosecond laser-created clear corneal incisions ( CCIs ) .
METHODS	Fondazione G.B. Bietti IRCCS , Rome , Italy .
METHODS	Comparative case series .
METHODS	Phacoemulsification was performed through a 2.75 mm incision .
METHODS	In the study group , a 3-plane CCI was created using a 150 kHz femtosecond laser .
METHODS	In the control group , a single-plane angled CCI was created using disposable knives .
METHODS	Placido disk corneal topography was performed preoperatively and 1 week and 1 month postoperatively .
METHODS	Central curvature ( simulated keratometry [ K ] ) and local changes in anterior corneal topography at the CCI site were evaluated and compared between groups .
RESULTS	No significant changes in the mean simulated K values were found in either group postoperatively ( P > .05 ) .
RESULTS	The preoperative to 1-month postoperative mean simulated K ranged between 43.30 diopters ( D ) 0.82 ( SD ) and 43.170.82 D in the study group and between 43.341.44 D and 43.291.48 D in the control group .
RESULTS	The method of CCI creation significantly influenced the changes in the anterior central topography during the first month postoperatively ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Greater steepening of the incision edges was found in the control group ( mean 36.604.13 D to 37.742.39 D ) than in the study group ( mean 38.812.91 D to 39.154.48 D ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The 2.75 mm 3-plane femtosecond CCIs induced slight changes in the anterior central corneal topography , similar to single-plane angled manual incisions .
CONCLUSIONS	Topographic differences between the femtosecond method and manual method were found at the CCI site .
BACKGROUND	No author has a financial or proprietary interest in any material or method mentioned .

###24733235
BACKGROUND	Heavy-drinking smokers constitute a sizeable and hard-to-treat subgroup of smokers , for whom tailored smoking cessation therapies are not yet available .
OBJECTIVE	The present study used a double-blind , randomized , 22 medication design , testing varenicline alone ( VAR ; 1 mg twice daily ) , low dose naltrexone alone ( L-NTX ; 25 mg once daily ) , varenicline plus naltrexone , and placebo for effects on cigarette craving and subjective response to alcohol and cigarettes in a sample ( n = 130 ) of heavy-drinking daily smokers ( 10 cigarettes/day ) .
METHODS	All participants were tested after a 9-day titration period designed to reach a steady state on the target medication .
METHODS	Testing was completed at 12 h of nicotine abstinence , after consuming a standard dose of alcohol ( target breath alcohol concentration = 0.06 g/dl ) and after smoking the first cigarette of the day .
RESULTS	The combination of VAR+L - NTX was superior to placebo , and at times superior to monotherapy , in attenuating cigarette craving , cigarette and alcohol `` high , '' and in reducing ad-lib consumption of both cigarettes and alcohol during the 9-day medication titration period .
CONCLUSIONS	These preliminary findings indicate that clinical studies of the combination of VAR+L - NTX for heavy drinkers trying to quit smoking are warranted and may ultimately improve clinical care for this sizeable and treatment-resistant subgroup of smokers .

###25355977
OBJECTIVE	The Rapid Emergency Alert Communication in Health ( REACH ) Trial was a randomized control trial to systematically compare and evaluate the effectiveness of traditional and mobile communication modalities for public health agencies to disseminate time-sensitive information to health-care providers ( HCPs ) .
OBJECTIVE	We conducted a sub-study to identify the communication channels by which HCPs preferred receiving public health alerts and advisories .
METHODS	Enrolled HCPs were blindly randomized into four message delivery groups to receive time-sensitive public health messages by e-mail , fax , or short message service ( SMS ) or to a no-message control group .
METHODS	Follow-up interviews were conducted 5-10 days after the message .
METHODS	In the final interview , additional questions were asked regarding HCP preferences for receiving public health alerts and advisories .
METHODS	We examined the relationship between key covariates and preferred method of receiving public health alert and advisory messages .
RESULTS	Gender , age , provider type , and study site showed statistically significant associations with delivery method preference .
RESULTS	Older providers were more likely than younger providers to prefer e-mail or fax , while younger providers were more likely than older providers to prefer receiving messages via SMS .
CONCLUSIONS	There is currently no evidence-based research to guide or improve communication between public health agencies and HCPs .
CONCLUSIONS	Understanding the preferences of providers for receiving alerts and advisories may improve the effectiveness of vital public health communications systems and , in turn , may enhance disease surveillance , aid in early detection , and improve case finding and situational awareness for public health emergencies .

###24631162
BACKGROUND	In head-to-head comparisons of coronary drug-eluting stents , the primary endpoint is traditionally assessed after 9-12 months .
BACKGROUND	However , the optimum timepoint for this assessment remains unclear .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we assessed clinical outcomes at up to 5 years ' follow-up in patients who received two different types of drug-eluting stents .
METHODS	We undertook this multicentre , open-label , randomised superiority trial at five percutaneous coronary intervention centres in Denmark .
METHODS	We randomly allocated 2332 eligible adult patients ( 18 years of age ) with an indication for drug-eluting stent implantation to the zotarolimus-eluting Endeavor Sprint stent ( Medtronic , Santa Rosa , CA , USA ) or the sirolimus-eluting Cypher Select Plus stent ( Cordis , Johnson & Johnson , Warren , NJ , USA ) .
METHODS	Randomisation of participants was achieved by computer-generated block randomisation and a telephone allocation service .
METHODS	The primary endpoint of the SORT OUT III study was a composite of major adverse cardiac events-cardiac death , myocardial infarction , and target vessel revascularisation-at 9 months ' follow-up .
METHODS	In this study , endpoints included the occurrence of major adverse cardiac events and definite stent thrombosis at follow-up times of up to 5 years .
METHODS	Analysis was by intention to treat .
METHODS	The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00660478 .
RESULTS	We randomly allocated 1162 patients to receive the zotarolimus-eluting stent and 1170 to the sirolimus-eluting stent .
RESULTS	At 5-year follow-up , rates of major adverse cardiac events were similar in patients treated with both types of stents ( zotarolimus-eluting stents 197/1162 [ 17.0 % ] vs sirolimus-eluting stents 182/1170 [ 15.6 % ] ; odds ratio [ OR ] 1.10 , 95 % CI 0.88-1 .37 ; p = 0.40 ) .
RESULTS	This finding was indicative of the directly contrasting results for rates of major adverse cardiac events at 1-year follow up ( zotarolimus 93/1162 [ 8.0 % ] vs sirolimus 46/1170 [ 3.9 % ] ; OR 2.13 , 95 % CI 1.48-3 .07 ; p < 0.0001 ) compared with those at follow-up between 1 and 5 years ( 104 [ 9.0 % ] vs 136 [ 11.6 % ] ; OR 0.78 , 95 % CI 0.59-1 .02 ; p = 0.071 ) .
RESULTS	At 1-year follow-up , definite stent thrombosis was more frequent after implantation of the zotarolimus-eluting stent ( 13/1162 [ 1.1 % ] ) than the sirolimus-eluting stent ( 4/1170 [ 0.3 % ] ; OR 3.34 , 95 % CI 1.08-10 .3 ; p = 0.036 ) , whereas the opposite finding was recorded for between 1 and 5 years ' follow-up ( zotarolimus-eluting stent 1/1162 [ 0.1 % ] vs sirolimus-eluting stent 21/1170 [ 1.8 % ] , OR 0.05 , 95 % CI 0.01-0 .36 ; p = 0.003 ) .
RESULTS	26 of 88 ( 30 % ) target lesion revascularisations in the zotarolimus-eluting stent group occurred between 1 and 5 years ' follow-up , whereas 54 of 70 ( 77 % ) of those in the sirolimus-eluting stent group occurred during this follow-up period .
CONCLUSIONS	The superiority of sirolimus-eluting stents compared with zotarolimus-eluting stents at 1-year follow-up was lost after 5 years .
CONCLUSIONS	The traditional 1-year primary endpoint assessment therefore might be insufficient to predict 5-year clinical outcomes in patients treated with coronary drug-eluting stent implantation .
BACKGROUND	Cordis and Medtronic .

###24650076
BACKGROUND	Numerous studies indicate that the use of feeding tubes ( FT ) in persons with advanced cognitive impairment ( CI ) does not improve clinical outcomes or survival , and results in higher rates of hospitalization and emergency department ( ED ) visits .
BACKGROUND	It is not clear , however , whether such risk varies by resident level of CI and whether these ED visits and hospitalizations are potentially preventable .
BACKGROUND	The objective of this study was to determine the rates of ED visits , hospitalizations and potentially preventable ambulatory care sensitive ( ACS ) ED visits and ACS hospitalizations for long-stay NH residents with FTs at differing levels of CI .
METHODS	We linked Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services inpatient & outpatient administrative claims and beneficiary eligibility data with Minimum Data Set ( MDS ) resident assessment data for nursing home residents with feeding tubes in a 5 % random sample of Medicare beneficiaries residing in US nursing facilities in 2006 ( n = 3479 ) .
METHODS	Severity of CI was measured using the Cognitive Performance Scale ( CPS ) and categorized into 4 groups : None/Mild ( CPS = 0-1 , MMSE = 22-25 ) , Moderate ( CPS = 2-3 , MMSE = 15-19 ) , Severe ( CPS = 4-5 , MMSE = 5-7 ) and Very Severe ( CPS = 6 , MMSE = 0-4 ) .
METHODS	ED visits , hospitalizations , ACS ED visits and ACS hospitalizations were ascertained from inpatient and outpatient administrative claims .
METHODS	We estimated the risk ratio of each outcome by CI level using over-dispersed Poisson models accounting for potential confounding factors .
RESULTS	Twenty-nine percent of our cohort was considered `` comatose '' and `` without any discernible consciousness '' , suggesting that over 20,000 NH residents in the US with feeding tubes are non-interactive .
RESULTS	Approximately 25 % of NH residents with FTs required an ED visit or hospitalization , with 44 % of hospitalizations and 24 % of ED visits being potentially preventable or for an ACS condition .
RESULTS	Severity of CI had a significant effect on rates of ACS ED visits , but little effect on ACS hospitalizations .
CONCLUSIONS	ED visits and hospitalizations are common in cognitively impaired tube-fed nursing home residents and a substantial proportion of ED visits and hospitalizations are potentially preventable due to ACS conditions .

###25996101
OBJECTIVE	This study was conducted to investigate the efficacy and safety of using a concurrent neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy ( a XELOX regimen ) to treat adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction .
METHODS	Seventy-six patients having resectable adenocarcinoma at the gastroesophageal junction ( T3/4 , N + , M0 ) were recruited to participate and randomly assigned to either a chemoradiotherapy group or a surgery group .
METHODS	Patients in the chemoradiotherapy group were orally given capecitabine ( 1,000 mg/m2 , twice daily for 14 days , days 1-14 ) and intravenous oxaliplatin ( 130 mg/m2 on day 1 ) for 2 cycles .
METHODS	Radiotherapy was performed with a total of 45 Gy administered in 25 sessions for 5 weeks .
METHODS	Patients in the surgery group received only surgical intervention .
RESULTS	In the concurrent chemoradiotherapy group , the overall response rate was 55.6 % ( 20/36 ) , tumor control rate was 100 % and a pathological complete response was achieved in 16.7 % ( 6/36 ) .
RESULTS	The entire chemoradiotherapy group had R0 resections as did 80 % of the surgery group ( 32/40 ) ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	In the concurrent chemoradiotherapy group , 6 patients developed grade 3 side effects .
RESULTS	Treatment was either discontinued or the dose adjusted .
RESULTS	Major hematological side effects in the chemoradiotherapy group included leukopenia , neutropenia , anemia and thrombocytopenia .
RESULTS	Nonhematological side effects included nausea , vomiting and appetite loss .
RESULTS	Chemoradiotherapy-related death was not observed .
CONCLUSIONS	Concurrent neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy administration increased the rate of R0 resection and demonstrated favorable safety in patients with Siewert II or III adenocarcinoma at the gastroesophageal junction .
CONCLUSIONS	These results support the use of neoadjunctive chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction .

###24563178
OBJECTIVE	In the 2010 American Heart Association guidelines , supraglottic devices ( SGDs ) such as the laryngeal mask are proposed as alternatives to tracheal intubation for cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
OBJECTIVE	Some SGDs can also serve as a means for tracheal intubation after successful ventilation .
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of chest compression on airway management with four intubating SGDs , aura-i ( aura-i ) , air-Q ( air-Q ) , i-gel ( i-gel ) , and Fastrack ( Fastrack ) , during cardiopulmonary resuscitation using a manikin .
METHODS	Twenty novice physicians inserted the four intubating SGDs into a manikin with or without chest compression .
METHODS	Insertion time and successful ventilation rate were measured .
METHODS	For cases of successful ventilation , blind tracheal intubation via the intubating SGD was performed with chest compression and success or failure within 30 s was recorded .
RESULTS	Chest compression did not decrease the ventilation success rate of the four intubating SGDs ( without chest compression ( success/total ) : air-Q , 19/20 ; aura-i , 19/20 ; i-gel , 18/20 ; Fastrack , 19/20 ; with chest compression : air-Q , 19/20 ; aura-i , 19/20 ; i-gel , 16/20 ; Fastrack , 18/20 ) .
RESULTS	Insertion time was significantly lengthened by chest compression in the i-gel trial ( P < 0.05 ) , but not with the other three devices .
RESULTS	The blind intubation success rate with chest compression was the highest in the air-Q trial ( air-Q , 15/19 ; aura-i , 14/19 ; i-gel , 12/16 ; Fastrack , 10/18 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This simulation study revealed the utility of intubating SGDs for airway management during chest compression .

###25424464
OBJECTIVE	To assess the effectiveness of a two-year school-based intervention , consisting of integrated and replicable physical activity and nutritional education on weight , fat percentage , cardiovascular risk factors , and blood pressure .
METHODS	Six elementary schools in Reykjavik were randomly assigned to be either intervention ( n = 3 ) or control ( n = 3 ) schools .
METHODS	Seven-year-old children in the second grade in these schools were invited to participate ( n = 321 ) ; 268 ( 83 % ) underwent some or all of the measurements .
METHODS	These 286 children were followed up for two years .
METHODS	Children in intervention schools participated in an integrated and replicable physical activity programme , increasing to approximately 60 minutes of physical activity during school in the second year of intervention .
METHODS	Furthermore , they received special information about nutrition , and parents , teachers , and school food service staff were all involved in the intervention .
METHODS	Subjects .
METHODS	321seven-year-old schoolchildren .
METHODS	Blood pressure , obesity , percentage of body fat , lipid profile , fasting insulin .
RESULTS	Children in the intervention group had a 2.3 mmHg increase in systolic blood pressure ( SBP ) and a 2.9 mmHg increase in diastolic blood pressure ( DBP ) over the two-year intervention period , while children in the control group increased SBP by 6.7 mmHg and DPB by 8.4 mmHg .
RESULTS	These changes were not statistically significant .
RESULTS	Furthermore there were no significant changes in percentage body fat , lipid profile , or fasting insulin between the intervention and control schools .
CONCLUSIONS	A two-year school-based intervention with increased physical activity and healthy diet did not have a significant effect on common cardiovascular risk factors .

###24485549
BACKGROUND	Recent conflicts have been characterised by the use of improvised explosive devices causing devastating injuries , including heavily contaminated wounds requiring meticulous surgical debridement .
BACKGROUND	After being rendered surgical clean , these wounds are dressed and the patient transferred back to the UK for on-going treatment .
BACKGROUND	A dressing that would prevent wounds from becoming colonised during transit would be desirable .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to establish whether using nanocrystalline silver dressings , as an adjunct to the initial debridement , would positively affect wound microbiology and wound healing compared to standard plain gauze dressings .
METHODS	Patients were prospectively randomised to receive either silver dressings , in a nanocrystalline preparation ( Acticoat ) , or standard of care dressings ( plain gauze ) following their initial debridement in the field hospital .
METHODS	On repatriation to the UK microbiological swabs were taken from the dressing and the wound , and an odour score recorded .
METHODS	Wounds were followed prospectively and time to wound healing was recorded .
METHODS	Additionally , patient demographic data were recorded , as well as the mechanism of injury and Injury Severity Score .
RESULTS	76 patients were recruited to the trial between February 2010 and February 2012.39 received current dressings and 37 received the trial dressings .
RESULTS	Eleven patients were not swabbed .
RESULTS	There was no difference ( p = 0.1384 , Fishers ) in the primary outcome measure of wound colonisation between the treatment arm ( 14/33 ) and the control arm ( 20/32 ) .
RESULTS	Similarly time to wound healing was not statistically different ( p = 0.5009 , Mann-Whitney ) .
RESULTS	Wounds in the control group were scored as being significantly more malodorous ( p = 0.002 , Mann-Whitney ) than those in the treatment arm .
CONCLUSIONS	This is the first randomised controlled trial to report results from an active theatre of war .
CONCLUSIONS	Performing research under these conditions poses additional challenges to military clinicians .
CONCLUSIONS	Meticulous debridement of wounds remains the critical determinant in wound healing and infection and this study did not demonstrate a benefit of nanocrystaline silver dressing in respect to preventing wound colonisation or promoting healing , these dressings do however seem to significantly reduce the unpleasant odour commonly associated with battlefield wounds .

###25494217
BACKGROUND	The acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ARDS ) is a common devastating syndrome in intensive care unit in critically ill patients .
BACKGROUND	Continuous renal replacement therapy ( CRRT ) has been shown beneficial effects on oxygenation and survival in patients with ARDS .
BACKGROUND	However , it is still controversial about the timing of initiation of CRRT .
METHODS	Fifty-three patients with ARDS admitted to intensive care unit in Zhejiang Provincial People 's Hospital , China from 2009 to 2013 were enrolled in the study .
METHODS	The authors compared ventilation parameter , including PaO2/FIO2 , A-a gradient , positive end-expiratory pressure , plateau pressure , dynamic compliance and hemodynamic parameters , including central venous pressure , mean arterial pressure , cardiac index , extravascular lung water index , fluid balance between early initiation ( within 12 hours after ARDS onset ) and late initiation of CRRT ( 48 hours after ARDS onset ) groups .
METHODS	The authors further investigated transforming growth factor ( TGF ) -1 level changes in serum and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid ( BALF ) by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay during 7 days of follow-up .
RESULTS	Significant improvement of oxygenation and shorter duration of mechanical ventilation were observed in early CRRT group during 7-day follow-up .
RESULTS	In addition , TGF-1 concentrations in serum and BALF were significantly decreased in patients with early initiation of CRRT compared to those with late initiation of CRRT on day 2 and day 7 .
RESULTS	Furthermore , patients who died of ARDS had higher levels of TGF-1 in BALF than survivors .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings showed that early initiation of CRRT is associated with favorable clinical outcomes in ARDS patients , which might be due to the reduced serum and BALF TGF-1 levels through CRRT .
CONCLUSIONS	However , large multi-center studies are needed to make further recommendations as to the optimal use of CRRT in ARDS patient populations .

###25925801
BACKGROUND	The use of amphetamine-type stimulants ( ATS ) places a large burden on health services .
OBJECTIVE	The aim was to evaluate the effectiveness of a self-guided Web-based intervention ( `` breakingtheice '' ) for ATS users over 6 months via a free-to-access site .
METHODS	We conducted a randomized trial comparing a waitlist control with a fully automated intervention containing 3 modules derived from cognitive behavioral therapy and motivation enhancement .
METHODS	The main outcome was self-reported ATS use in the past 3 months assessed at 3 - and 6-month follow-ups using the Alcohol , Smoking , and Substance Involvement Screening Test ( ASSIST ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes were help-seeking intentions ( general help-seeking questionnaire ) , actual help seeking ( actual help-seeking questionnaire ) , psychological distress ( Kessler 10 ) , polydrug use ( ASSIST ) , quality of life ( European Health Interview Survey ) , days out of role , and readiness to change .
METHODS	Follow-up data were evaluated using an intention-to-treat ( ITT ) analysis with a group by time interaction .
RESULTS	We randomized 160 people ( intervention : n = 81 ; control : n = 79 ) .
RESULTS	At 6 months , 38 of 81 ( 47 % ) intervention and 41 of 79 ( 52 % ) control participants provided data .
RESULTS	ATS scores significantly declined for both groups , but the interaction effect was not significant .
RESULTS	There were significant ITT time by group interactions for actual help seeking ( rate ratio [ RR ] 2.16 ; d = 0.45 ) and help-seeking intentions ( RR 1.17 ; d = 0.32 ) , with help seeking increasing for the intervention group and declining for the control group .
RESULTS	There were also significant interactions for days completely ( RR 0.50 ) and partially ( RR 0.74 ) out of role favoring the intervention group .
RESULTS	However , 37 % ( 30/81 ) of the intervention group did not complete even 1 module .
CONCLUSIONS	This self-guided Web-based intervention encouraged help seeking associated with ATS use and reduced days out of role , but it did not reduce ATS use .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , this program provides a means of engaging with some sections of a difficult-to-reach group to encourage treatment , but a substantial minority remained disengaged .
BACKGROUND	Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry : ACTRN12611000947909 ; https://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?id=343307 ( Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6Y0PGGp8q ) .

###25775747
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the treatment of benign positional paroxysmal vertigo of posterior semi-circular canal by Epley maneuver combined with Semont maneuver .
METHODS	One hundred and fifty patients with benign positional paroxysmal vertigo of posterior semicircular canal were randomly divided into three groups : group A , B and C. Patients in group A were treated by Epley maneuver and patients in group B were treated by Semont maneuver .
METHODS	Patients in group C were received the treatment of Epley maneuver combined with Semont ma - neuver .
METHODS	We recorded the times of treatments in different groups respectively .
METHODS	Statistics of treatment effects and follow-up studies with 3 months after the recovery were assessed .
RESULTS	The cure rate of the canalith repositioning on the primary , secondary and tertiary treatment in group A was respective 72 % ( 38/53 ) and 81 % ( 43/53 ) and 85 % ( 45/53 ) , in group B was 68 % ( 30/44 ) and 80 % ( 35/44 ) and 84 % ( 37/44 ) , in group C was 89 % ( 47/53 ) and 94 % ( 50/53 ) and 98 % ( 52/53 ) .
RESULTS	The cure rate in group C is significantly higher than group A and group B ( 2 = 6.777 , P < 0.05 ; 2 = 6.647 , P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	3 months after recovery 6 patients in group A , 5 patients in group B and 1 patient in group C were relapsed .
CONCLUSIONS	By the use of Epley maneuver combined with Semont maneuver in the treatment of benign positional paroxysmal vertigo of posterior semicircular canal , the primary cure rate was increased and the numbers of treatments were reduced and the relapse was decreased .
CONCLUSIONS	It is suitable to use Epley maneuver combined with Semont maneuver in the clinic .

###24887970
OBJECTIVE	To examine the feasibility and outcomes of video-based peer feedback through social networking to facilitate robotic surgical skill acquisition .
BACKGROUND	The acquisition of surgical skills may be challenging for novel techniques and/or those with prolonged learning curves .
METHODS	Randomized controlled trial involving 41 resident physicians performing the Tubes ( Da Vinci Intuitive Surgical , Sunnyvale , CA ) simulator exercise with versus without peer feedback of video-recorded performance through a social networking Web page .
METHODS	Data collected included simulator exercise score , time to completion , and comfort and satisfaction with robotic surgery simulation .
RESULTS	There were no baseline differences between the intervention group ( n = 20 ) and controls ( n = 21 ) .
RESULTS	The intervention group showed improvement in mean scores from session 1 to sessions 2 and 3 ( 60.7 vs 75.5 , P < 0.001 , and 60.7 vs 80.1 , P < 0.001 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	The intervention group scored significantly higher than controls at sessions 2 and 3 ( 75.5 vs 59.6 , P = 0.009 , and 80.1 vs 65.9 , P = 0.019 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	The mean time ( seconds ) to complete the task was shorter for the intervention group than for controls during sessions 2 and 3 ( 217.4 vs 279.0 , P = 0.004 , and 201.4 vs 261.9 , P = 0.006 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	At the study conclusion , feedback subjects were more comfortable with robotic surgery than controls ( 90 % vs 62 % , P = 0.021 ) and expressed greater satisfaction with the learning experience ( 100 % vs 67 % , P = 0.014 ) .
RESULTS	Of the intervention subjects , 85 % found that peer feedback was useful and 100 % found it effective .
CONCLUSIONS	Video-based peer feedback through social networking appears to be an effective paradigm for surgical education and accelerates the robotic surgery learning curve during simulation .

###25218906
BACKGROUND	Olaparib is a poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase inhibitor and cediranib is an anti-angiogenic agent with activity against VEGF receptor ( VEGFR ) 1 , VEGFR2 , and VEGFR3 .
BACKGROUND	Both oral agents have antitumour activity in women with recurrent ovarian cancer , and their combination was active and had manageable toxicities in a phase 1 trial .
BACKGROUND	We investigated whether this combination could improve progression-free survival ( PFS ) compared with olaparib monotherapy in women with recurrent platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer .
METHODS	In our randomised , open-label , phase 2 study , we recruited women ( aged 18 years ) who had measurable platinum-sensitive , relapsed , high-grade serous or endometrioid ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , or those with deleterious germline BRCA1/2 mutations from nine participating US academic medical centres .
METHODS	We randomly allocated participants ( 1:1 ) according to permuted blocks , stratified by germline BRCA status and previous anti-angiogenic therapy , to receive olaparib capsules 400 mg twice daily or the combination at the recommended phase 2 dose of cediranib 30 mg daily and olaparib capsules 200 mg twice daily .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was progression-free survival analysed in the intention-to-treat population .
METHODS	The phase 2 trial is no longer accruing patients .
METHODS	An interim analysis was conducted in November , 2013 , after 50 % of expected events had occurred and efficacy results were unmasked .
METHODS	The primary analysis was performed on March 31 , 2014 , after 47 events ( 66 % of those expected ) .
METHODS	The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01116648 .
RESULTS	Between Oct 26 , 2011 , and June 3 , 2013 , we randomly allocated 46 women to receive olaparib alone and 44 to receive the combination of olaparib and cediranib .
RESULTS	Median PFS was 177 months ( 95 % CI 147-not reached ) for the women treated with cediranib plus olaparib compared with 90 months ( 95 % CI 57-165 ) for those treated with olaparib monotherapy ( hazard ratio 042 , 95 % CI 023-076 ; p = 0005 ) .
RESULTS	Grade 3 and 4 adverse events were more common with combination therapy than with monotherapy , including fatigue ( 12 patients in the cediranib plus olaparib group vs five patients in the olaparib monotherapy group ) , diarrhoea ( ten vs none ) , and hypertension ( 18 vs none ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Cediranib plus olaparib seems to improve PFS in women with recurrent platinum-sensitive high-grade serous or endometrioid ovarian cancer , and warrants study in a phase 3 trial .
CONCLUSIONS	The side-effect profile suggests such investigations should include assessments of quality of life and patient-reported outcomes to understand the effects of a continuing oral regimen with that of intermittent chemotherapy .
BACKGROUND	American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grant from the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) ( 3 U01 CA062490-16S2 ) ; Intramural Program of the Center for Cancer Research ; and the Division of Cancer Treatment and Diagnosis , National Cancer Institute , NIH .

###25533977
OBJECTIVE	To compare the clinical efficacies of single segment transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion ( TLIF ) with cage versus autogenous morselized bone for degenerative lumbar spinal stenosis .
METHODS	A total of 87 patients undergoing single segment TLIF were randomly divided into 2 groups .
METHODS	A cage was implanted into intervertebral space in group A patients while autogenous morselized bone in group B patients .
METHODS	Operative duration , blood loss , length of stay and cost of hospitalization of two groups were recorded .
METHODS	They were followed up at 1 week , 12 , 24 months post-operation .
METHODS	Oswestry disability index ( ODI ) , visual analogue scale ( VAS ) fusion rates , intervertebral space and foramen height restoration , lumbar lordosis and postoperative complications were compared between two groups .
RESULTS	No significant inter-group difference existed in operative duration , blood loss or length of stay .
RESULTS	However , the average hospitalization cost in group A were 18 % higher than that of group B ( P < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Both groups achieved excellent clinical outcomes within 2 years .
RESULTS	ODI , VAS score improvement rates and postoperative complication rates were not statistically different .
RESULTS	Lumbar fusion rate was 86.7 % in group A versus 85.7 % in group B after 2 years .
RESULTS	And there was no significant difference ( P > 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	The heights of intervertebral space and foramen in group A achieved a better recovery than those of group B. Both groups had similar improvements of lumbar lordosis .
CONCLUSIONS	For degenerative lumbar spinal stenosis , usage of interbody cage is more effective in terms of recovery of intervertebral space and foraminal height compared with usage of bone graft .
CONCLUSIONS	However it brings no better clinical efficacy while the usage of autogenous morselized bone is more cost-effective .
CONCLUSIONS	Two grafting methods yield similar overall clinical outcomes .

###25007003
OBJECTIVE	To study the efficacy and safety of quetiapine-XR as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy to a mood stabilizer in acute bipolar I or II depression with comorbid generalized anxiety disorder ( GAD ) and other comorbidities .
METHODS	The study was conducted from January 2007 to November 2011 .
METHODS	The Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview was used to ascertain the diagnosis of DSM-IV bipolar disorder , GAD , and other Axis I disorders .
METHODS	Eligible patients were randomly assigned to quetiapine-XR or placebo for up to 8 weeks .
METHODS	The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 items ( HDRS-17 ) was used as a primary outcome to evaluate the difference between the 2 groups using the change from baseline to end of study .
METHODS	Last observation carried forward and mixed-effects modeling for repeated measures were used to analyze the primary and secondary outcome measures .
RESULTS	Of the 120 patients screened , 100 patients were randomized to receive quetiapine-XR ( n = 50 ) or placebo ( n = 50 ) .
RESULTS	Twenty-six patients in the quetiapine-XR and 18 in the placebo group completed the study .
RESULTS	The mean quetiapine-XR dose was 276 50 mg/d ( 50-300 mg/d ) .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference between the 2 groups in the change from baseline to end of study in HDRS-17 total score with an effect size of 0.19 favoring quetiapine-XR .
RESULTS	There were also no significant differences between the 2 groups in secondary efficacy and safety outcome measures .
CONCLUSIONS	Quetiapine-XR was not significantly superior to placebo in bipolar I or II depression with GAD and other comorbidities , suggesting that data from relatively `` pure '' bipolar patients may not be generalizable to a highly comorbid population .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT00671853 .

###24450776
OBJECTIVE	This study determined the association of continuous glucose monitoring glucose ( CGM-glucose ) levels at different times of the day with improvement in glycated hemoglobin ( HbA1c ) levels .
OBJECTIVE	The potential application of these data is to focus effort to improve glucose control in patients with type 1 diabetes .
METHODS	Data were analyzed from 196 patients with type 1 diabetes who were randomized to receive sensor-augmented pump therapy in the 1-year STAR 3 trial .
METHODS	CGM-glucose values and HbA1c levels from baseline and after 1 year were evaluated to determine associations of improvement in CGM-glucose at different times of the day with longitudinal improvement in HbA1c .
RESULTS	Improvement in HbA1c levels after 1 year was related to improvement in mean CGM-glucose levels in daytime ( 6 a.m.-midnight ) , overnight ( midnight-6 a.m. ) , and each mealtime period ( P < 0.0001 for each ) .
RESULTS	In multivariable analysis , only improvement in breakfast meal period was associated with improvement in HbA1c after 1 year , explaining 59 % of the HbA1c improvement using the partial R ( 2 ) test .
RESULTS	Moreover , among those patients who only improved CGM-glucose in the overnight period there was an associated improvement in breakfast meal period CGM-glucose of 26 22 mg/dL ( P < 0.01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Breakfast period glucose improvement had the greatest effect on lowering HbA1c levels in patients with type 1 diabetes .
CONCLUSIONS	Improving glucose control overnight resulted in subsequent improvement in the breakfast period .
CONCLUSIONS	Although glucose control should be improved at all times , methods to improve overnight and post-breakfast glucose levels may be of primary importance in improving glucose control in patients with type 1 diabetes .

###24470004
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate yoga 's impact on inflammation , mood , and fatigue .
METHODS	A randomized controlled 3-month trial was conducted with two post-treatment assessments of 200 breast cancer survivors assigned to either 12 weeks of 90-minute twice per week hatha yoga classes or a wait-list control .
METHODS	The main outcome measures were lipopolysaccharide-stimulated production of proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) , tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF - ) , and interleukin-1 ( IL-1 ) , and scores on the Multidimensional Fatigue Symptom Inventory-Short Form ( MFSI-SF ) , the vitality scale from the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item Short Form ( SF-36 ) , and the Center for Epidemiological Studies-Depression ( CES-D ) scale .
RESULTS	Immediately post-treatment , fatigue was not lower ( P > .05 ) but vitality was higher ( P = .01 ) in the yoga group compared with the control group .
RESULTS	At 3 months post-treatment , fatigue was lower in the yoga group ( P = .002 ) , vitality was higher ( P = .01 ) , and IL-6 ( P = .027 ) , TNF - ( P = .027 ) , and IL-1 ( P = .037 ) were lower for yoga participants compared with the control group .
RESULTS	Groups did not differ on depression at either time ( P > .2 ) .
RESULTS	Planned secondary analyses showed that the frequency of yoga practice had stronger associations with fatigue at both post-treatment visits ( P = .019 ; P < .001 ) , as well as vitality ( P = .016 ; P = .0045 ) , but not depression ( P > .05 ) than simple group assignment ; more frequent practice produced larger changes .
RESULTS	At 3 months post-treatment , increasing yoga practice also led to a decrease in IL-6 ( P = .01 ) and IL-1 ( P = .03 ) production but not in TNF - production ( P > .05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Chronic inflammation may fuel declines in physical function leading to frailty and disability .
CONCLUSIONS	If yoga dampens or limits both fatigue and inflammation , then regular practice could have substantial health benefits .

###24525690
OBJECTIVE	Topiramate has been shown to reduce drinking and heavy drinking in individuals with alcohol dependence whose goal was to stop drinking .
OBJECTIVE	The authors evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of topiramate in heavy drinkers whose treatment goal was to reduce drinking to safe levels .
METHODS	A total of 138 individuals ( 62.3 % men ) were randomly assigned to receive 12 weeks of treatment with topiramate ( N = 67 ) , at a maximal daily dose of 200 mg , or matching placebo ( N = 71 ) .
METHODS	Both groups received brief counseling to reduce drinking and increase abstinent days .
METHODS	It was hypothesized that topiramate-treated patients would be better able to achieve these goals , and it was predicted that based on prior research , the effects would be moderated by a single nucleotide polymorphism ( rs2832407 ) in GRIK1 , encoding the kainate GluK1 receptor subunit .
RESULTS	The rate of treatment completion was 84.9 % and equal by treatment group .
RESULTS	Topiramate treatment significantly reduced heavy drinking days and increased abstinent days relative to placebo .
RESULTS	Patients receiving topiramate also had lower concentrations of the liver enzyme - glutamyl transpeptidase and lower scores on a measure of alcohol-related problems than the placebo group .
RESULTS	In a European American subsample ( N = 122 ) , topiramate 's effect on heavy drinking days was significantly greater than that for placebo only in rs2832407 C-allele homozygotes .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings support the use of topiramate at a daily dose of 200 mg to reduce heavy drinking in problem drinkers .
CONCLUSIONS	The moderator effect of rs2832407 , if validated , would facilitate the identification of heavy drinkers who are likely to respond well to topiramate treatment and provide an important personalized treatment option .
CONCLUSIONS	The pharmacogenetic findings also implicate the kainate receptor in the mechanism of topiramate 's effects on heavy drinking .

###24916909
OBJECTIVE	A response-adaptive randomization ( RAR ) trial design actively adjusts the ratio of participants assigned to each trial arm , favoring the better performing treatment by using outcome data from participants already in the trial .
OBJECTIVE	Compared with a standard clinical trial , an RAR study design has the potential to improve patient participation in acute stroke trials .
METHODS	This cross-sectional randomized survey included adult emergency department patients , age18 , without symptoms of stroke or other critical illness .
METHODS	A standardized protocol was used , and subjects were randomized to either an RAR or standard hypothetical acute stroke trial .
METHODS	After viewing the video describing the hypothetical trial ( http://youtu.be/cKIWduCaPZc ) , reviewing the consent form , and having questions answered , subjects indicated whether they would consent to the trial .
METHODS	A multivariable logistic regression model was fitted to estimate the impact of RAR while controlling for demographic factors and patient understanding of the design .
RESULTS	A total of 418 subjects ( 210 standard and 208 RAR ) were enrolled .
RESULTS	All baseline characteristics were balanced between groups .
RESULTS	There was significantly higher participation in the RAR trial ( 67.3 % ) versus the standard trial ( 54.5 % ) , absolute increase : 12.8 % ( 95 % confidence interval , 3.7-22 .2 ) .
RESULTS	The RAR group had a higher odds ratio of agreeing to research ( odds ratio , 1.89 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.2-2 .9 ) while adjusting for patient level factors .
RESULTS	Trial designs were generally well understood by the participants .
CONCLUSIONS	The hypothetical RAR trial attracted more research participation than standard randomization .
CONCLUSIONS	RAR has the potential to increase recruitment and offer benefit to future trial participants .

###24887229
BACKGROUND	Blood supplies in Greece are insufficient to meet the high transfusion needs arising from car accidents and treatment of thalassaemia .
BACKGROUND	This study was designed to determine Greeks ' opinions about blood donation , in order to identify the reasons for the lack of motivation to donate and allow experts to establish better recruitment campaigns for the enrichment of the donor pool , based on our findings .
METHODS	The opinions of randomly selected Greek citizens ( n = 800 ) about volunteer blood donation were assessed by means of a standardised , anonymous questionnaire .
METHODS	The results were analysed using the ( 2 ) test and Spearman 's correlation coefficient .
RESULTS	With regards to attitudes towards intention to donate , only 7.1 % were indifferent , while 88.0 % of the individuals believed that donating blood was an `` offer '' .
RESULTS	Reasons for not donating mainly involved safety ( 36.0 % ) and fear ( 24.0 % ) , whereas need ( 77.9 % ) was the most fundamental positive motivation .
RESULTS	Of the people enrolled in the present study , 10.0 % were active donors , 31.3 % occasional donors , 15.0 % rare donors and 36.6 % non-donors .
CONCLUSIONS	The considerable percentages of occasional and rare donors in comparison with the low proportion of active donors in the Greek donor pool indicates that `` need '' is a more important motivation for blood donation than altruism in Greece .
CONCLUSIONS	These results could be useful for establishing advertising campaigns on blood donation and for a more direct approach to the population , aiming for a change in mentality in favour of active blood donation .

###24726210
BACKGROUND	Angiotensin receptor antagonists ( ARBs ) improve outcomes in patients with heart failure ( HF ) with reduced left ventricular ejection fraction , but may induce hyperkalemia ( HK ) and/or a worsening of renal function ( WRF ) .
RESULTS	The incidence and risk factors of HK and its inter-relationship with WRF , as well as associations with clinical outcome ( death or admission for HF i.e. the primary outcome ) in 3846 HF patients enrolled in the double blind HEAAL trial ( losartan 150 mg/d vs. 50 mg/d ) were assessed .
RESULTS	Worsening of renal function was defined as a decrease in eGFR > 20 % from baseline and HK as serum K > 5.5 or > 5 mmol/L .
RESULTS	Higher dose of losartan increased serum potassium .
RESULTS	Episodes of HK > 5 mmol/L or WRF occurred at least once in about half of the patients .
RESULTS	WRF was associated with higher occurrence of HK ( HR 1.19 ( 1.06-1 .34 ) ) and vice versa ( HR 1.35 ( 1.19-1 .53 ) ) , but preceded HK in only about half of the events .
RESULTS	High dose losartan improved outcome despite more frequent WRF and HK , both being independently associated with adverse outcomes in multivariate analyses .
CONCLUSIONS	HK and WRF are common in HF patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Both can be predicted from baseline risk factors and are therefore potentially preventable .
CONCLUSIONS	Although associated with worse outcome , occurrence of any does not hinder the efficacy of high dose losartan .
CONCLUSIONS	HK was associated with WRF and worse outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	Whether therapy targeting specifically HK may maximize the survival benefit derived from renin angiotensin aldosterone inhibitor use should be appropriately tested in future trials .

###24565293
OBJECTIVE	We aimed to investigate the effect of 21 % and 40 % oxygen supplementation on maternal and neonatal oxidative stress in elective cesarean section ( CS ) under spinal anesthesia .
METHODS	Eighty term parturients undergoing elective CS under spinal anesthesia were enrolled in the study .
METHODS	We allocated patients randomly to breathe 21 % ( air group ) or 40 % ( oxygen group ) oxygen from the time of skin incision until the end of the operation .
METHODS	We collected maternal pre - and post-operative and umbilical artery ( UA ) blood samples .
METHODS	Total antioxidant capacity ( TAC ) , total oxidant status ( TOS ) and the oxidative stress index ( OSI ) were measured .
RESULTS	Age , weight , height , parity , gestation week , spinal-skin incision time , skin incision-delivery time , delivery time , operation time , 1 ( st ) and 5 ( th ) minutes Apgar scores , and birth weight were similar between the groups ( p > 0.05 for all comparisons ) .
RESULTS	There were no differences in preoperative TAC , TOS , or OSI levels between the groups ( p > 0.05 for all comparisons ) .
RESULTS	Postoperative maternal TAC , TOS and OSI levels significantly increased in the oxygen group ( p = 0.047 , < 0.001 and 0.038 , respectively ) ; umbilical artery TAC levels significantly increased in the oxygen group ( p = 0.003 ) ; and umbilical artery TOS and OSI levels significantly increased in the air group ( p = 0.02 and < 0.001 , respectively ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The difference in impact on maternal and fetal oxidative stress of supplemental 40 % compared to 21 % oxygen mandates further large-scale studies that investigate the role of oxygen supplementation during elective CS under spinal anesthesia .

###25675664
OBJECTIVE	We compared the effects of preincisional peritonsillar infiltration of 5 ml levobupivacaine hydrochloride ( 50 mg/10 ml ) on bleeding during surgery and pain after tonsillectomy in patients aged 16 years or older .
METHODS	The study was conducted in 44 adult patients who underwent tonsillectomy .
METHODS	These patients were randomized to either the study group ( SG ) who received levobupivacaine infiltration to the peritonsillary fossae prior to surgery , or a control group ( CG ) treated with 0.9 % sodium chloride infiltration to the peritonsillary fossae prior to incision .
METHODS	The volume of intraoperative bleeding was recorded .
METHODS	Pain was evaluated using a visual analogue scale ( VAS ) .
METHODS	The first pain score was assessed immediately after arriving in the postoperative care unit .
METHODS	VAS scores were subsequently re-assessed 2 , 4 , 8 , 12 , and 24 hours postoperatively .
METHODS	The first analgesic requirement was assessed 24 hours postoperatively .
RESULTS	The pain relieving effect in the levobupivacaine group was statistically significant 2 , 4 , 12 , and 24 hours postoperatively ( p 0.05 ) , but there was no difference in VAS scores between groups at the first and 8-hour postoperative assessments .
RESULTS	There were no differences between the two groups regarding analgesic requirements .
RESULTS	The difference between the mean intraoperative blood loss in the SG and CG was statistically significant ( p 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	No serious complications were observed in either group .
CONCLUSIONS	Preincisional levobupivacaine infiltration seems to be a safe and easily applied medication for postoperative pain control , and decreased the volume of intraoperative blood loss in adult patients after tonsillectomy .

###25693050
BACKGROUND	Less than one-third of HIV-infected pregnant women eligible for combination antiretroviral therapy ( ART ) globally initiate treatment prior to delivery , with lack of access to timely CD4 results being a principal barrier .
BACKGROUND	We evaluated the effectiveness of an SMS-based intervention to improve access to timely antenatal ART .
METHODS	We conducted a stepped-wedge cluster randomized trial of a low-cost programmatic intervention in 20 antenatal clinics in Gaborone , Botswana .
METHODS	From July 2011-April 2012 , 2 clinics were randomly selected every 4 weeks to receive an ongoing clinic-based educational intervention to improve CD4 collection and to receive CD4 results via an automated SMS platform with active patient tracing .
METHODS	CD4 testing before 26 weeks gestation and ART initiation before 30 weeks gestation were assessed .
RESULTS	Three-hundred-sixty-six ART-nave women were included , 189 registering for antenatal care under Intervention and 177 under Usual Care periods .
RESULTS	Of CD4-eligible women , 100 ( 59.2 % ) women under Intervention and 79 ( 50.6 % ) women under Usual Care completed CD4 phlebotomy before 26 weeks gestation , adjusted odds ratio ( aOR , adjusted for time that a clinic initiated Intervention ) 0.87 ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 0.47-1 .63 , P = 0.67 ) .
RESULTS	The SMS-based platform reduced time to clinic receipt of CD4 test result from median of 16 to 6 days ( P < 0.001 ) , was appreciated by clinic staff , and was associated with reduced operational cost .
RESULTS	However , rates of ART initiation remained low , with 56 ( 36.4 % ) women registering under Intervention versus 37 ( 24.2 % ) women under Usual Care initiating ART prior to 30 weeks gestation , aOR 1.06 ( 95 % CI 0.53-2 .13 , P = 0.87 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The augmented SMS-based intervention delivered CD4 results more rapidly and efficiently , and this type of SMS-based results delivery platform may be useful for a variety of tests and settings .
CONCLUSIONS	However , the intervention did not appear to improve access to timely antenatal CD4 testing or ART initiation , as obstacles other than CD4 impeded ART initiation during pregnancy .

###25752116
OBJECTIVE	To observe the clinical efficacy of nasal vestibule eczema by using beclomethasone dipropionate in combination with He-Ne laser therapy .
METHODS	The 200 cases of nasal vestibule eczema patients were randomly divided into treatment and control groups .
METHODS	The control group received the rub beclomethasone dipropionate cream treatment one time per day .
METHODS	The treatment group supplemented with He-Ne laser irradiation treatment on the basis of the control group on the same treatment , alsoone time per day .
METHODS	Then the results were analyzed .
RESULTS	The total effective rate was 100.0 % in treatment group , while 75.0 % in the control group .
RESULTS	The difference between the two groups was statistically significant ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Beclomethasone dipropionate cream combined with He-Ne laser irradiation therapy on nasal vestibule eczema is significant , and easily to operate , with significant anti-inflammatory , anti-itch , analgesic effects .

###24662777
OBJECTIVE	Investigating the effects of lipid-lowering drugs on HDL subclasses has shown ambiguous results .
OBJECTIVE	This study assessed the effects of ezetimibe , simvastatin , and their combination on HDL subclass distribution .
METHODS	A single-center randomized parallel 3-group open-label study was performed in 72 healthy men free of cardiovascular disease with a baseline LDL-cholesterol of 11130 mg/dl ( 2.90.8 mmol/l ) and a baseline HDL-cholesterol of 6415 mg/dl ( 1.70.4 mmol/l ) .
METHODS	They were treated with ezetimibe ( 10 mg/day , n = 24 ) , simvastatin ( 40 mg/day , n = 24 ) or their combination ( n = 24 ) for 14 days .
METHODS	Blood was drawn before and after the treatment period .
METHODS	HDL subclasses were determined using polyacrylamide gel-tube electrophoresis .
METHODS	Multivariate regression models were used to determine the influence of treatment and covariates on changes in HDL subclass composition .
RESULTS	Baseline HDL subclasses consisted of 3310 % large , 486 % intermediate and 198 % small HDL .
RESULTS	After adjusting for baseline HDL subclass distribution , body mass index , LDL-C and the ratio triglycerides/HDL-C , there was a significant increase in large HDL by about 3.9 percentage points ( P < 0.05 ) and a decrease in intermediate HDL by about 3.5 percentage points ( P < 0.01 ) in both simvastatin-containing treatment arms in comparison to ezetimibe .
RESULTS	The parameters obtained after additional adjustment for the decrease in LDL-C indicated that about one third to one half of these effects could be explained by the extent of LDL-C-lowering .
CONCLUSIONS	In healthy men , treatment with simvastatin leads to favorable effects on HDL subclass composition , which was not be observed with ezetimibe .
CONCLUSIONS	Part of these differential effects may be due to the stronger LDL-C-lowering effects of simvastatin .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00317993 .

###24817294
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of calisthenic exercises on balance , walking speed , fatigue , quality of life , and psychological status in patients with Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) .
METHODS	Forty patients diagnosed with MS were randomized into two exercise groups ( group 1 = hospital-based , group 2 = home-based ) .
METHODS	Outcome measures including the MS International Quality of Life Scale , 10-meter walking test , Berg Balance Scale , Fatigue Severity Scale and the Hospital Anxiety Depression Inventory were assessed at the baseline and at 12-weeks .
RESULTS	Thirty-six participants completed the exercise programme ( hospital based = 16 , home based = 20 ) .
RESULTS	The mean age was 32.83 3.64 years .
RESULTS	The mean duration of disease was 6.97 3.15 years .
RESULTS	Hospital-based and home-based exercise groups had significant improvements in the balance , 10-meter walking test , anxiety , and the quality of life after the 12-week exercise programme .
RESULTS	There was a significant improvement in the hospital-based patients in terms of the depression scores .
RESULTS	No significant improvement was observed in terms of fatigue in any of the groups .
RESULTS	When both groups were compared , the improvement in the balance and depression scores of the hospital-based patients was significantly higher than the home-based patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Calisthenic exercises can be easily performed both at home and in hospital setting .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with MS , calisthenic exercises performed at home or at the hospital may improve the balance , quality of life , and the functional and psychological status , while no significant effect has been observed on fatigue .

###24933799
OBJECTIVE	An intra-oral remineralization study was conducted to compare the ability of a dentifrice containing 8 % arginine and calcium carbonate ( Pro-Argin Technology ) , and 1450 ppm fluoride as sodium monofluorophosphate ( MFP ) to remineralize acid-softened bovine enamel specimens compared to a silica-based dentifrice with 1450 ppm fluoride as MFP .
METHODS	The intra-oral clinical study employed a double blind , two-treatment , crossover design , and used an upper palatal retainer to expose the enamel specimens to the oral environment during product use and periods of remineralization .
METHODS	The retainer was designed to house three partially demineralized bovine enamel samples .
METHODS	The study population was comprised of 30 adults , ages 18 to 70 years .
METHODS	The study consisted of two treatment phases with a washout period lasting seven ( + / - three ) days preceding each treatment phase .
METHODS	A silica-based dentifrice without fluoride was used during the washout period .
METHODS	The Test Dentifrice used in this study contained 8 % arginine , calcium carbonate , and 1450 ppm fluoride as sodium monofluorophosphate ( MFP ) .
METHODS	The Control Dentifrice was silica-based and contained 1450 ppm fluoride as MFP .
METHODS	The treatment period consisted of a three-day lead-in period with the assigned product .
METHODS	The panelists brushed two times per day during the three-day lead-in period with the assigned product .
METHODS	On the fourth day , the panelists began brushing with the assigned product with the retainer in their mouth .
METHODS	The panelists brushed for one minute , followed by a one-minute swish with the slurry and a rinse with 15 ml of water in the morning , in the afternoon , and night with the retainer in the mouth .
METHODS	The panelists brushed only their teeth and not the specimens directly .
METHODS	Changes in mineral content before and after treatment were measured using a Knoop microhardness tester .
RESULTS	The results of the study showed that percent remineralization values for the Test Dentifrice and Control Dentifrice were 14.99 % and 8.66 % , respectively .
RESULTS	A statistical analysis showed that the Test Dentifrice was statistically significantly more effective at remineralizing acid-softened enamel in comparison to the Control Dentifrice ( p < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This study demonstrated that the Test Dentifrice with 8 % arginine , calcium carbonate , and 1450 ppm fluoride as MFP is highly effective treatment for promoting remineralization of enamel that has been softened by an erosive challenge .

###24417772
OBJECTIVE	Ritonavir-boosted atazanavir and darunavir are protease inhibitors that are recommended for initial treatment of HIV infection because each has shown better lipid effects and overall tolerability than ritonavir-boosted lopinavir .
OBJECTIVE	The extent to which lipid effects and overall tolerability differ between treatments with atazanavir and darunavir and whether atazanavir-induced hyperbilirubinaemia may result in more favourable metabolic effects are issues that remain to be resolved .
METHODS	A 96-week randomized clinical trial was carried out .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was change in total cholesterol at 24 weeks .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints were changes in lipids other than total cholesterol , insulin sensitivity , total bilirubin , estimated glomerular filtration rate , and CD4 and CD8 cell counts , and the proportion of patients with plasma HIV RNA < 50 HIV-1 RNA copies/mL and study drug discontinuation because of adverse effects at 24 weeks .
METHODS	Analyses were intent-to-treat .
RESULTS	One hundred and seventy-eight patients received once-daily treatment with either atazanavir/ritonavir ( n = 90 ) or darunavir/ritonavir ( n = 88 ) plus tenofovir/emtricitabine .
RESULTS	At 24 weeks , mean total cholesterol had increased by 7.26 and 11.47 mg/dL in the atazanavir/ritonavir and darunavir/ritonavir arms , respectively [ estimated difference -4.21 mg/dL ; 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) -12.11 to +3.69 mg/dL ; P = 0.75 ] .
RESULTS	However , the ratio of total to high-density lipoprotein ( HDL ) cholesterol tended to show a greater decrease with atazanavir/ritonavir compared with darunavir/ritonavir ( estimated difference -1.02 ; 95 % CI -2.35 to +0.13 ; P = 0.07 ) .
RESULTS	Total bilirubin significantly increased with atazanavir/ritonavir ( estimated difference +1.87 mg/dL ; 95 % CI +1.58 to +2.16 mg/dL ; P < 0.01 ) , but bilirubin changes were not associated with lipid changes .
RESULTS	Secondary endpoints other than total bilirubin were not significantly different between arms .
CONCLUSIONS	Atazanavir/ritonavir and darunavir/ritonavir plus tenofovir/emtricitabine did not show significant differences in total cholesterol change or overall tolerability at 24 weeks .
CONCLUSIONS	However , there was a trend towards a lower total to HDL cholesterol ratio with atazanavir/ritonavir and this effect was unrelated to bilirubin .

###25459920
OBJECTIVE	Various healthcare interventions have been launched targeting the growing population of older people .
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this study was to investigate the of a case management intervention for frail old people ( aged 65 + years ) effects on healthcare utilization .
METHODS	The study was conducted in a municipality in southern Sweden and included people aged 65 + years who lived in their ordinary homes , were dependent in two or more activities of daily living ( ADL ) , and had at least two hospital admissions , or four physician visits , in the previous year .
METHODS	One-hundred-fifty-three participants were randomly assigned to either an intervention ( n = 80 ) or a control group ( n = 73 ) .
METHODS	The one-year intervention comprised home visits , at least once a month , by case managers .
METHODS	Group differences were investigated 6-12 and 0-6 months before , and 0-6 and 6-12 months after , baseline .
RESULTS	The intervention group had , compared to the control group , significant lower mean number ( 0.08 vs. 0.37 , p = 0.041 ) and proportion ( 17.4 vs. 46.9 % , p = 0.016 ) of ED visits not leading to hospitalization 6-12 months after baseline .
RESULTS	The intervention group also had a significantly lower mean number of visits to physicians in outpatient care 6-12 months after baseline ( 4.09 vs. 5.29 , p = 0.047 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The effect on ED visits not leading to hospitalization meant that those in the control group were more likely to visit the ED for reasons that did not require hospitalization , suggesting that they may have been less monitored than the intervention group .
CONCLUSIONS	The intervention has the potential to reduce the burden on outpatient care and ED .

###24289216
OBJECTIVE	Intramuscular ( i.m. ) pethidine is used worldwide for labour analgesia and i.m. diamorphine usage has increased in the UK in the last 15years .
OBJECTIVE	This trial aims to ascertain the relative efficacy and adverse effects of diamorphine and pethidine for labour pain .
METHODS	Prospective , parallel-arm randomised controlled trial with blinding of participants , care-givers and outcome assessors .
METHODS	Maternity units in two District General Hospitals in the UK .
METHODS	After written informed consent , 484 women were randomised and recruited ( 244 diamorphine , 240 pethidine ) .
METHODS	Inclusion criteria included women 16years or older , established labour , singleton pregnancy , 37-42weeks of gestation and weight 60-120kg .
METHODS	On request of i.m. analgesia , participants received either 150mg pethidine or 7.5 mg diamorphine based on computer-generated block randomisation .
METHODS	Maternal-reduction in pain intensity from baseline ( 10-cm visual analogue scale ) at 60minutes and over the 3-hour period after drug administration .
METHODS	Neonatal-requirement for resuscitation and Apgar score at 1minute .
RESULTS	Diamorphine provided modestly improved pain relief at 60minutes , mean difference 1cm ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 0.5-1 .5 ) , and over the 3hours , mean difference 0.7 cm ( 95 % CI 0.3-1 .1 ) .
RESULTS	However , average length of labour in women receiving diamorphine was 82minutes longer ( 95 % CI 39-124 ) and therefore they experienced more pain overall .
RESULTS	There were no statistically significant differences in primary neonatal outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	There is a modest difference between the analgesia provided by diamorphine or pethidine for labour analgesia but diamorphine is associated with significantly longer labours .

###25125068
BACKGROUND	Persistent knee pain in people over 50 years of age is often attributable to knee osteoarthritis ( OA ) , a common joint condition that causes physical and psychological dysfunction .
BACKGROUND	Exercise and pain coping skills training ( PCST ) can help reduce the impact of persistent knee pain , however , access to health professionals who deliver these services can be challenging .
BACKGROUND	With increasing access to the Internet , remotely delivered Internet-based treatment approaches may provide alternatives for healthcare delivery .
BACKGROUND	This pragmatic randomised controlled trial will investigate whether an Internet-delivered intervention that combines PCST and physiotherapist-guided exercise ( PCST + Ex ) is more effective than online educational material ( educational control ) in people with persistent knee pain .
METHODS	We will recruit 148 people over 50 years of age with self-reported persistent knee pain consistent with knee OA from the Australian community .
METHODS	Following completion of baseline questionnaires , participants will be randomly allocated to access a 3-month intervention of either ( i ) online educational material , or ( ii ) the same online material plus an 8-module ( once per week ) Internet-based PCST program and seven Internet-delivered physiotherapy sessions with a home exercise programs to be performed 3 times per week .
METHODS	Outcomes will be measured at baseline , 3 months and 9 months with the primary time point at 3 months .
METHODS	Primary outcomes are average knee pain on walking ( 11-point numeric rating scale ) and self-reported physical function ( Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index subscale ) .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes include additional measures of knee pain , health-related quality-of-life , perceived global change in symptoms , and potential moderators and mediators of outcomes including self-efficacy for pain management and function , pain coping attempts and pain catastrophising .
METHODS	Other measures of adherence , adverse events , harms , use of health services/co-interventions , and process measures including appropriateness and satisfaction of the intervention , will be collected at 3 , 6 and 9 months .
CONCLUSIONS	The findings will help determine the effectiveness and acceptability of Internet access to a combination of interventions that are known to be beneficial to people with persistent knee pain .
CONCLUSIONS	This study has the potential to guide clinical practice towards innovative modes of healthcare provision .
BACKGROUND	Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry reference : ACTRN12614000243617 .

###25424689
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the efficacy and safety of perindopril-lercanidipine combination versus perindopril or lercanidipine monotherapies in patients with mild essential hypertension .
METHODS	A total of 180 patients with mild essential hypertension were randomly assigned to three groups : group A ( perindopril 2mg plus lercanidipine 5mg ; n = 60 ) , group B ( lercanidipine 10mg ; n = 60 ) and group C ( perindopril 4mg ; n = 60 ) .
METHODS	The treatment efficacy and the incidence of adverse events were evaluated at the end of 4 , 8 and 12 weeks after treatment initiation .
RESULTS	The blood pressure in group A was already lower than in group B and group C at week 4 after treatment initiation .
RESULTS	Systolic blood pressure was 14813mmHg in group A , 15114mmHg in group B , and 15313 in group C ( p < 0.001 ) ; diastolic blood pressure was 898 , 927 and 926mmHg , respectively ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	At the end of treatment the normalization rate was significantly higher in group A , compared with group B and group C ( 71.7 % , 68.3 % , and 48.3 % , respectively ; p < 0.05 ) .
RESULTS	Four adverse events were observed in group A , while seven and nineteen adverse events occurred in group B and in group C , respectively .
RESULTS	Statistically significant differences in adverse reaction incidence were reported among three groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Although its results were collected in an overall limited number of patients in a single center , this study shows that the combination of perindopril and lercanidipine , compared with lercanidipine alone or perindopril alone , was effective in improving blood pressure in mild essential hypertensive patients , and also decreased the incidence of adverse events .

###25075811
BACKGROUND	Longitudinal changes in awareness in dementia have been studied with short follow-up time and mostly in small patient groups ( including patients with moderate dementia ) .
BACKGROUND	We investigated awareness in patients with mild Alzheimer 's disease ( AD ) over 36 months and studied if a decline in awareness was associated with decline in cognition and increase in neuropsychiatric symptoms .
METHODS	Awareness was measured on a categorical scale in 95 AD patients ( age 50 years , Mini-Mental State Examination ( MMSE ) score 20 ) .
METHODS	Awareness was rated at three time points ( follow-up at 12 and 36 months ) where MMSE , Neuropsychiatric Inventory ( NPI-Q ) , and Cornell scale for Depression in Dementia also were applied .
RESULTS	At 12 months , 26 % had lower awareness rating as compared to baseline and at 36 months lower awareness ratings were found in 39 % .
RESULTS	At both visits , 16 % had higher awareness rating as compared to baseline .
RESULTS	Patients with lower awareness at 36 months as compared to baseline had a more rapid increase in NPI-Q score ( p = 0.002 ) over 36 months as compared to patients with stable or improved awareness over 36 months .
RESULTS	A more rapid decline in MMSE score was observed for patients with lower awareness at 36 months ( as compared to baseline ) but only when compared to patients in whom awareness improved over time .
CONCLUSIONS	The results show essentially no clear relationship between cognitive decline over three years and awareness .
CONCLUSIONS	In some cases , awareness remained stable or even improved despite significant cognitive decline .
CONCLUSIONS	In the subgroup where awareness declined over time , overall ratings of neuropsychiatric symptoms declined more rapidly than in the remaining patients .

###25268437
OBJECTIVE	Hospital readmissions are common and costly , and no single intervention or bundle of interventions has reliably reduced readmissions .
OBJECTIVE	Virtual wards , which use elements of hospital care in the community , have the potential to reduce readmissions , but have not yet been rigorously evaluated .
OBJECTIVE	To determine whether a virtual ward-a model of care that uses some of the systems of a hospital ward to provide interprofessional care for community-dwelling patients-can reduce the risk of readmission in patients at high risk of readmission or death when being discharged from hospital .
METHODS	High-risk adult hospital discharge patients in Toronto were randomly assigned to either the virtual ward or usual care .
METHODS	A total of 1923 patients were randomized during the course of the study : 960 to the usual care group and 963 to the virtual ward group .
METHODS	The first patient was enrolled on June 29 , 2010 , and follow-up was completed on June 2 , 2014 .
METHODS	Patients assigned to the virtual ward received care coordination plus direct care provision ( via a combination of telephone , home visits , or clinic visits ) from an interprofessional team for several weeks after hospital discharge .
METHODS	The interprofessional team met daily at a central site to design and implement individualized management plans .
METHODS	Patients assigned to usual care typically received a typed , structured discharge summary , prescription for new medications if indicated , counseling from the resident physician , arrangements for home care as needed , and recommendations , appointments , or both for follow-up care with physicians as indicated .
METHODS	The primary outcome was a composite of hospital readmission or death within 30 days of discharge .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included nursing home admission and emergency department visits , each of the components of the primary outcome at 30 days , as well as each of the outcomes ( including the composite primary outcome ) at 90 days , 6 months , and 1 year .
RESULTS	There were no statistically significant between-group differences in the primary or secondary outcomes at 30 or 90 days , 6 months , or 1 year .
RESULTS	The primary outcome occurred in 203 of 959 ( 21.2 % ) of the virtual ward patients and 235 of 956 ( 24.6 % ) of the usual care patients ( absolute difference , 3.4 % ; 95 % CI , -0.3 % to 7.2 % ; P = .09 ) .
RESULTS	There were no statistically significant interactions to indicate that the virtual ward model of care was more or less effective in any of the prespecified subgroups .
CONCLUSIONS	In a diverse group of high-risk patients being discharged from the hospital , we found no statistically significant effect of a virtual ward model of care on readmissions or death at either 30 days or 90 days , 6 months , or 1 year after hospital discharge .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT01108172 .

###25901481
OBJECTIVE	Remoxy ( Pain Therapeutics , Inc. , Austin , TX ) is an abuse-deterrent formulation of extended-release oxycodone .
OBJECTIVE	The effects of renal or hepatic impairment on the pharmacokinetics ( PK ) of single , oral doses of Remoxy 20 or 10 mg , respectively , were assessed in two phase 1 studies in subjects aged 18-80 years .
METHODS	PK parameters included maximum plasma concentration ( C ( max ) ) and area under the concentration-time curve from time 0 to the last quantifiable concentration ( AUC ( 0-t ) ) , and extrapolated to infinity ( AUCinf ) .
METHODS	Adverse events ( AEs ) were monitored .
RESULTS	Mean ( SD ) oxycodone Cmax values following Remoxy 20-mg administration were 17.6 ( 9.1 ) , 21.9 ( 11.2 ) , 25.9 ( 18.2 ) , and 31.6 ( 14.5 ) ng/mL and AUC0-t values were 210.7 ( 82.1 ) , 271.6 ( 83.3 ) , 299.5 ( 76.3 ) , and 493.5 ( 175.9 ) ngh/mL in subjects with normal or mild ( n = 6 each ) , moderate ( n = 5 ) , and severely impaired renal function ( n = 6 ) , respectively .
RESULTS	Mean ( SD ) oxycodone Cmax following Remoxy 10-mg administration was 7.6 ( 3.3 ) , 7.8 ( 2.3 ) , and 13.1 ( 5.3 ) ng/mL and AUC ( 0-t ) was 105.7 ( 49.5 ) , 134.7 ( 38.3 ) , and 218.0 ( 74.1 ) ngh/mL in subjects with normal , mild , and moderately impaired hepatic function ( n = 6 each ) , respectively .
RESULTS	Differences in exposure values between the different renal and hepatic groups were significant .
RESULTS	Treatment-emergent AEs were reported by 14.3 , 66.7 , 66.7 , and 50.0 percent of subjects with normal , mild , moderate , and severely impaired renal function , respectively , and by 50.0 , 33.3 , and 66.7 percent of subjects with normal , mild , and moderately impaired hepatic function , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	As renal or hepatic function decreased , oxycodone Cmax and AUC ( 0-t ) were up to approximately twofold higher following single , oral doses of extended-release Remoxy .
CONCLUSIONS	AEs were those typically reported for opioids .
CONCLUSIONS	Lower doses of Remoxy may thus be safely prescribed to subjects with renal or hepatic impairment .

###25858478
BACKGROUND	Idiopathic bile acid malabsorption ( BAM ) has been suggested as a cause of chronic watery diarrhoea , with a response to colestyramine in 70 % of patients .
BACKGROUND	However , the efficacy of this drug has never been investigated in placebo-controlled trials .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the efficacy of colestyramine as compared with hydroxypropyl cellulose in the treatment of functional chronic watery diarrhoea .
METHODS	Patients with chronic watery diarrhoea were randomly assigned to groups given colestyramine sachets 4g twice daily ( n = 13 ) or identical hydroxypropyl cellulose sachets ( n = 13 ) for 8weeks .
METHODS	The primary end-point was clinical remission defined as a mean of 3 or fewer stools per day during the week before the visit , with less than 1 watery stool per day .
METHODS	A secondary end-point was the reduction in daily watery stool number .
METHODS	SeHCAT test was performed in all patients , but an abnormal test was not a prerequisite to be included .
RESULTS	All included patients had a SeHCAT 7-day retention 20 % .
RESULTS	There were no statistical differences in the percentage of patients in clinical remission at week 8 between colestyramine and hydroxypropyl cellulose with either intention-to-treat ( 53.8 % vs. 38.4 % ; P = 0.43 ) or per-protocol ( 63.6 % vs. 38.4 % ; P = 0.22 ) analyses .
RESULTS	However , the mean per cent decrease in watery stool number was significantly higher with colestyramine than with hydroxypropyl cellulose ( -92.43.5 % vs. -75.87.1 % ; P = 0.048 ) .
RESULTS	The rate of adverse events related to study drugs did not differ between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Colestyramine ( 4g twice daily ) is effective and safe for short-term treatment of patients with chronic watery diarrhoea presumably secondary to BAM .
CONCLUSIONS	Clinical Trials Register number EudraCT 2009-011149-14 .

###25490277
BACKGROUND	During puberty , reactivation of the reproductive axis occurs during sleep , with LH pulses specifically tied to deep sleep .
BACKGROUND	This association suggests that deep sleep may stimulate LH secretion , but there have been no interventional studies to determine the characteristics of deep sleep required for LH pulse initiation .
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this study was to determine the effect of deep sleep fragmentation on LH secretion in pubertal children .
METHODS	Studies were performed in a clinical research center .
METHODS	Fourteen healthy pubertal children ( 11.3-14 .1 y ) participated in the study .
METHODS	Subjects were randomized to two overnight studies with polysomnography and frequent blood sampling , with or without deep sleep disruption via auditory stimuli .
RESULTS	An average of 68.1 10.7 ( SE ) auditory stimuli were delivered to interrupt deep sleep during the disruption night , limiting deep sleep to only brief episodes ( average length disrupted 1.3 0.2 min vs normal 7.1 0.8 min , P < .001 ) , and increasing the number of transitions between non-rapid eye movement ( NREM ) , REM , and wake ( disrupted 274.5 33.4 vs normal 131.2 8.1 , P = .001 ) .
RESULTS	There were no differences in mean LH ( normal : 3.2 0.4 vs disrupted : 3.2 0.5 IU/L ) , LH pulse frequency ( 0.6 0.06 vs 0.6 0.07 pulses/h ) , or LH pulse amplitude ( 2.8 0.4 vs 2.8 0.4 IU/L ) between the two nights .
RESULTS	Poisson process modeling demonstrated that the accumulation of deep sleep in the 20 minutes before an LH pulse , whether consolidated or fragmented , was a significant predictor of LH pulse onset ( P < .001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In pubertal children , nocturnal LH augmentation and pulse patterning are resistant to deep sleep fragmentation .
CONCLUSIONS	These data suggest that , even when fragmented , deep sleep is strongly related to activation of the GnRH pulse generator .

###24407192
BACKGROUND	Laparoscopic radical cystectomy ( LRC ) is increasingly being used for muscle-invasive bladder cancer .
BACKGROUND	However , high levels of clinical evidence comparing laparoscopic vs open radical cystectomy ( ORC ) are lacking .
METHODS	A prospective randomised controlled clinical trial comparing LRC vs ORC in patients undergoing radical cystectomy for bladder cancer .
METHODS	Thirty-five patients were eligible for final analysis in each group .
RESULTS	The median follow-up was 26 months ( range , 4-59 months ) for laparoscopic vs 32 months ( range , 6-60 months ) for ORC .
RESULTS	Significant differences were noted in operative time , estimated blood loss ( EBL ) , blood transfusion rate , analgesic requirement , and time to resumption of oral intake .
RESULTS	No significant differences were noted in the length of hospital stay , complication rate , lymph node yield ( 14.16.3 for LRC and 15.25.9 for ORC ) , positive surgical margin rate , postoperative pathology , or recurrence rate ( 7 for LRC and 8 for ORC ) .
RESULTS	The 5-year recurrence-free survival with laparoscopic vs ORC was 78.5 % vs 70.9 % , respectively ( P = 0.773 ) .
RESULTS	The overall survival with laparoscopic vs ORC was 73.8 % vs 67.4 % , respectively ( P = 0.511 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Our study demonstrated that LRC is superior to ORC in perioperative outcomes , including EBL , blood transfusion rate , and analgesic requirement .
CONCLUSIONS	We found no major difference in oncologic outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	The number of patients is too small to allow for a final conclusion .

###24453078
OBJECTIVE	We present the first study to explore safety and efficacy of the human CD20 monoclonal antibody ofatumumab in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis ( RRMS ) .
METHODS	In this randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study , patients received 2 ofatumumab infusions ( 100 mg , 300 mg , or 700 mg ) or placebo 2 weeks apart .
METHODS	At week 24 , patients received alternate treatment .
METHODS	Safety and efficacy were assessed .
RESULTS	Thirty-eight patients were randomized ( ofatumumab/placebo , n = 26 ; placebo/ofatumumab , n = 12 ) and analyzed ; 36 completed the study .
RESULTS	Two patients in the 300-mg group withdrew from the study because of adverse events .
RESULTS	No unexpected safety signals emerged .
RESULTS	Infusion-related reactions were common on the first infusion day but not observed on the second infusion day .
RESULTS	None of the patients developed human anti-human antibodies .
RESULTS	Ofatumumab was associated with profound selective reduction of B cells as measured by CD19 ( + ) expression .
RESULTS	New brain MRI lesion activity was suppressed ( > 99 % ) in the first 24 weeks after ofatumumab administration ( all doses ) , with statistically significant reductions ( p < 0.001 ) favoring ofatumumab found in new T1 gadolinium-enhancing lesions , total enhancing T1 lesions , and new and/or enlarging T2 lesions .
CONCLUSIONS	Ofatumumab ( up to 700 mg ) given 2 weeks apart was not associated with any unexpected safety concerns and was well tolerated in patients with RRMS .
CONCLUSIONS	MRI data suggest a clinically meaningful effect of ofatumumab for all doses studied .
CONCLUSIONS	Results warrant further exploration of ofatumumab in RRMS .
METHODS	This study provides Class II evidence that in patients with RRMS , ofatumumab compared with placebo does not increase the number of serious adverse events and decreases the number of new MRI lesions .

###25180702
BACKGROUND	Home exercise can prevent falls in the general older community but its impact in people recently discharged from hospital is not known .
BACKGROUND	The study aimed to investigate the effects of a home-based exercise program on falls and mobility among people recently discharged from hospital .
RESULTS	This randomised controlled trial ( ACTRN12607000563460 ) was conducted among 340 older people .
RESULTS	Intervention group participants ( n = 171 ) were asked to exercise at home for 15-20 minutes up to 6 times weekly for 12 months .
RESULTS	The control group ( n = 169 ) received usual care .
RESULTS	Primary outcomes were rate of falls ( assessed over 12 months using monthly calendars ) , performance-based mobility ( Lower Extremity Summary Performance Score , range 0-3 , at baseline and 12 months , assessor unaware of group allocation ) and self-reported ease of mobility task performance ( range 0-40 , assessed with 12 monthly questionaries ) .
RESULTS	Participants had an average age of 81.2 years ( SD 8.0 ) and 70 % had fallen in the past year .
RESULTS	Complete primary outcome data were obtained for at least 92 % of randomised participants .
RESULTS	Participants in the intervention group reported more falls than the control group ( 177 falls versus 123 falls ) during the 12-month study period and this difference was statistically significant ( incidence rate ratio 1.43 , 95 % CI 1.07 to 1.93 , p = 0.017 ) .
RESULTS	At 12-months , performance-based mobility had improved significantly more in the intervention group than in the control group ( between-group difference adjusted for baseline performance 0.13 , 95 % CI 0.04 to 0.21 , p = 0.004 ) .
RESULTS	Self-reported ease in undertaking mobility tasks over the 12-month period was not significantly different between the groups ( 0.49 , 95 % CI -0.91 to 1.90 , p = 0.488 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	An individualised home exercise prescription significantly improved performance-based mobility but significantly increased the rate of falls in older people recently discharged from hospital .
BACKGROUND	Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12607000563460 .

###24238896
BACKGROUND	Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) accounts for 10-40 % of hospital-acquired pneumonia , and even more in intensive care units .
BACKGROUND	The current guidelines for the treatment of MRSA nosocomial pneumonia include vancomycin and linezolid .
BACKGROUND	The authors of 2 prospective randomized trials comparing vancomycin and linezolid in nosocomial pneumonia had concluded to the non-inferiority of linezolid .
BACKGROUND	A slight superiority of linezolid was observed in the MRSA pneumonia subgroup , in terms of clinical success and survival , but no definite conclusion could be drawn .
METHODS	A prospective randomized study was made to compare a fixed linezolid dose to dose-optimized vancomycin for the treatment of bacteriologically proven MRSA nosocomial pneumonia ( ZEPHyR Study ) .
RESULTS	Among the 165 patients treated by linezolid ( 57.6 % ) in the PP population , 95 were clinically cured at the end of the study , compared to 81 of the 174 patients treated by vancomycin ( 46.6 % ) ( IC 95 % of the difference 0.5 % -21.6 % , P = 0.042 ) .
RESULTS	Nephrotoxicity in the mITT population reached 8.4 % in the linezolid group compared to 18.2 % in the vancomycin group .
CONCLUSIONS	LNZ was superior to vancomycin for the treatment of MRSA nosocomial pneumonia .

###25196020
BACKGROUND	Early-phase and preclinical studies suggest that moxifloxacin-containing regimens could allow for effective 4-month treatment of uncomplicated , smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis .
METHODS	We conducted a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , phase 3 trial to test the noninferiority of two moxifloxacin-containing regimens as compared with a control regimen .
METHODS	One group of patients received isoniazid , rifampin , pyrazinamide , and ethambutol for 8 weeks , followed by 18 weeks of isoniazid and rifampin ( control group ) .
METHODS	In the second group , we replaced ethambutol with moxifloxacin for 17 weeks , followed by 9 weeks of placebo ( isoniazid group ) , and in the third group , we replaced isoniazid with moxifloxacin for 17 weeks , followed by 9 weeks of placebo ( ethambutol group ) .
METHODS	The primary end point was treatment failure or relapse within 18 months after randomization .
RESULTS	Of the 1931 patients who underwent randomization , in the per-protocol analysis , a favorable outcome was reported in fewer patients in the isoniazid group ( 85 % ) and the ethambutol group ( 80 % ) than in the control group ( 92 % ) , for a difference favoring the control group of 6.1 percentage points ( 97.5 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 1.7 to 10.5 ) versus the isoniazid group and 11.4 percentage points ( 97.5 % CI , 6.7 to 16.1 ) versus the ethambutol group .
RESULTS	Results were consistent in the modified intention-to-treat analysis and all sensitivity analyses .
RESULTS	The hazard ratios for the time to culture negativity in both solid and liquid mediums for the isoniazid and ethambutol groups , as compared with the control group , ranged from 1.17 to 1.25 , indicating a shorter duration , with the lower bounds of the 95 % confidence intervals exceeding 1.00 in all cases .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference in the incidence of grade 3 or 4 adverse events , with events reported in 127 patients ( 19 % ) in the isoniazid group , 111 ( 17 % ) in the ethambutol group , and 123 ( 19 % ) in the control group .
CONCLUSIONS	The two moxifloxacin-containing regimens produced a more rapid initial decline in bacterial load , as compared with the control group .
CONCLUSIONS	However , noninferiority for these regimens was not shown , which indicates that shortening treatment to 4 months was not effective in this setting .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by the Global Alliance for TB Drug Development and others ; REMoxTB ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00864383 . )

###25675380
BACKGROUND	Polycystic ovary syndrome ( PCOS ) is an insulin resistance ( IR ) state , like obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) .
BACKGROUND	Although previous studies have suggested a correlation between irisin and the metabolic parameters associated with obesity and T2DM , the results have been inconsistent .
OBJECTIVE	Our objective was to ( 1 ) determine circulating irisin levels in women with PCOS and control subjects , ( 2 ) examine the relationship of irisin and conventional markers of insulin resistance , and ( 3 ) examine irisin changes with interventions modulating IR in PCOS women .
METHODS	This study was comprised of a series of cross-sectional and interventional studies of 178 PCOS and 123 healthy women from the general population and outpatients of the Internal Medicine Department at the Second Affiliated Hospital , Chongqing Medical University , China .
METHODS	Forty seven women with PCOS were randomly assigned to 6 months of oral metformin ( 850 mg bid ) .
METHODS	The oral glucose tolerance test ( OGTT ) and the euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp ( EHC ) were performed to assess glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity .
METHODS	Outcome measures were IR ( AUC ( Insulin ) and M values ) on an OGTT and EHC , irisin levels , and metabolic markers .
RESULTS	Circulating irisin was significantly higher in both overweight/obese ( body mass index [ BMI ] 25 kg/m ( 2 ) ) and PCOS women ( P < .01 ) .
RESULTS	Circulating irisin levels correlated with BMI , WHR , FAT % , total cholesterol ( TC ) , triglyceride ( TG ) , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) , AUC ( Insulin ) , homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance ( HOMA2-IR ) , M values , and free androgen index ( FAI ) .
RESULTS	During EHC , short-term hyperinsulinemia exhibited an inhibitory effect on irisin levels .
RESULTS	After 6 months of metformin treatment , there was a significant decrease in circulating irisin in PCOS women following improved IR .
CONCLUSIONS	These data suggest that irisin may be a useful marker of IR in PCOS women .

###25310750
BACKGROUND	Novel and promising results in acne treatment with infrared lasers have been reported .
BACKGROUND	The 1,550-nm erbium glass laser is one of the infrared lasers that may be useful in the treatment of acne .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of an erbium glass laser in treatment of active acne and to study the effect of this type of laser on sebaceous glands .
METHODS	Twenty-four patients with active acne lesions were treated using 1,550-nm ( 30-40 mJ ) fractional erbium glass laser .
METHODS	Every patient received 4 sessions with a 2-week interval .
METHODS	Follow-up was done every 3 months for 1 year .
METHODS	The image analyzer computer system was used to measure the sebaceous gland size .
RESULTS	A significant reduction ( p < .0001 ) in the mean count of lesions was observed after treatment and in the follow-up period .
RESULTS	A significant reduction in the size of sebaceous glands was also evident after laser treatment .
CONCLUSIONS	Treatment of active acne with the 1,550-nm erbium glass laser is effective .
CONCLUSIONS	Papules , pustules , and nodules all respond well to therapy .
CONCLUSIONS	The sebaceous gland size decreased significantly , which accounts for the long remission period .

###24275780
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to determine the level of middle ear pressure and alterations in middle ear pressure levels after septoplasty among the individuals having advanced degree isolated nasal septal deviation .
METHODS	A prospective randomized study was conducted .
METHODS	The study included 72 adult patients who had severely deviated septum .
METHODS	The middle ear pressure values at both sides of nasal obstruction and opposite side were determined using tympanometry before the surgery and at postoperative week 3 .
METHODS	The middle ear pressure values were divided into 2 groups , side of nasal obstruction ( group 1 ) and opposite nonaffected side ( group 2 ) .
METHODS	The middle ear pressure values obtained before and after septoplasty were compared .
RESULTS	Before the septoplasty , the median middle ear pressure value was -54 dPa at the side of nasal obstruction , and -46 dPa at the opposite side .
RESULTS	Three weeks after the septoplasty , it was -38 dPa at the side of nasal obstruction , and -40 dPa at the opposite side .
RESULTS	The middle ear pressure improved by approximately 30 % at the side of nasal obstruction and by 11 % at the nonaffected side ; a statistically significant decrease was found at the side of nasal obstruction ( P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In adult patients with isolated nasal septum deviation , the middle ear pressure is lower at the side of nasal obstruction , but it remains within reference ranges .
CONCLUSIONS	An approximately 30 % improvement occurs in the middle ear pressure after septoplasty .

###25684963
OBJECTIVE	To compare the efficacy and palatability of 4 L polyethylene glycol electrolyte ( PEG ) plus sugar-free menthol candy ( PEG + M ) vs reduced-volume 2 L ascorbic acid-supplemented PEG ( AscPEG ) .
METHODS	In a randomized controlled trial setting , ambulatory patients scheduled for elective colonoscopy were prospectively enrolled .
METHODS	Patients were randomized to receive either PEG + M or AscPEG , both split-dosed with minimal dietary restriction .
METHODS	Palatability was assessed on a linear scale of 1 to 5 ( 1 = disgusting ; 5 = tasty ) .
METHODS	Quality of preparation was scored by assignment-blinded endoscopists using the modified Aronchick and Ottawa scales .
METHODS	The main outcomes were the palatability and efficacy of the preparation .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included patient willingness to retake the same preparation again in the future and completion of the prescribed preparation .
RESULTS	Overall , 200 patients were enrolled ( 100 patients per arm ) .
RESULTS	PEG + M was more palatable than AscPEG ( 76 % vs 62 % , P = 0.03 ) .
RESULTS	Completing the preparation was not different between study groups ( 91 % PEG + M vs 86 % AscPEG , P = 0.38 ) but more patients were willing to retake PEG + M ( 54 % vs 40 % respectively , P = 0.047 ) .
RESULTS	There was no significant difference between PEG + M vs AscPEG in adequate cleansing on both the modified Aronchick ( 82 % vs 77 % , P = 0.31 ) and the Ottawa scale ( 85 % vs 74 % , P = 0.054 ) .
RESULTS	However , PEG + M was superior in the left colon on the Ottawa subsegmental score ( score 0-2 : 94 % for PEG + M vs 81 % for AscPEG , P = 0.005 ) and received significantly more excellent ratings than AscPEG on the modified Aronchick scale ( 61 % vs 43 % , P = 0.009 ) .
RESULTS	Both preparations performed less well in afternoon vs morning examinations ( inadequate : 29 % vs 15.2 % , P = 0.02 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	4 L PEG plus menthol has better palatability and acceptability than 2 L ascorbic acid - PEG and is associated with a higher rate of excellent preparations ; Clinicaltrial.gov identifier : NCT01788709 .

###25329681
OBJECTIVE	Cough variant asthma ( CVA ) is an important cause of chronic cough , and pathophysiological features of the disease appear to be similar to typical asthma .
OBJECTIVE	Because CVA is recognized as a precursor of asthma , early intervention with long-term anti-inflammatory agents may be recommended .
OBJECTIVE	However , the role of combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroid and 2-agonist in the treatment of CVA has not been elucidated .
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the effectiveness of the combination therapy , we investigated the clinical impact of regular treatment with salmeterol/fliticasone propionate combination ( SFC ) and inhaled salmeterol ( SAL ) alone in patients with CVA .
METHODS	The study was a randomized , controlled , parallel-group multi-center trial .
METHODS	Forty-three CVA patients were assigned to SFC ( 50/100g once daily ) or SAL ( 50g twice daily ) for 12 weeks .
METHODS	Then , these medications were stopped for the next 24 weeks .
METHODS	Main outcome measures were cough symptoms , pulmonary function and airway inflammation .
RESULTS	Treatment with each of SFC and SAL significantly decreased cough scores and increased FEV1 and PEF , where the efficacy was more pronounced with SFC than SAL .
RESULTS	SFC also decreased sputum eosinophil counts and eosinophil cationic protein contents , whereas SAL had no effect .
RESULTS	After discontinuation of the treatment , cough scores increased , pulmonary function and eosinophilic airway inflammation were aggravated and returned to the baseline levels .
CONCLUSIONS	Maintenance therapy with SFC provides further improvements in cough symptoms , pulmonary function and airway inflammation , and discontinuation of the therapy causes worsening of the disease , indicating that stopping or interrupting anti-inflammatory therapy may not be advisable in patients with CVA .

###25539349
BACKGROUND	Use of acellular dermal matrix in tissue expander breast reconstruction has become a popular adjunct to the total submuscular technique .
BACKGROUND	The question remains as to which matrix , if any , is ideal for breast reconstruction .
METHODS	A randomized trial was conducted to analyze outcomes of immediate staged tissue expander breast reconstruction using either AlloDerm or DermaMatrix .
METHODS	The impact of obesity , radiation , and chemotherapy on complications and biointegration of matrix was investigated .
METHODS	The trial was divided into three stages , with stage I results reported here .
RESULTS	One hundred twenty-eight patients ( 199 breasts ) were randomized equally over 2.5 years .
RESULTS	Most patients were white , healthy nonsmokers .
RESULTS	The overall complication rate was 36.2 percent ; half of the complications were minor .
RESULTS	The AlloDerm and DermaMatrix groups had similar rates of complications ( 33.6 percent versus 38.8 percent ; p = 0.52 ) , consisting mostly of skin necrosis ( 17.8 percent versus 21.4 percent ; p = 0.66 ) and infections ( 13.9 percent versus 16.3 percent ; p = 0.29 ) , both of which led to tissue expander losses ( 5 percent versus 11.2 percent ; p = 0.11 ) .
RESULTS	The AlloDerm group required less time for completion of expansion ( 42 days versus 70 days ; p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Obesity was associated with poor matrix biointegration and a longer drain time , both of which were associated with higher complication rates .
CONCLUSIONS	The Breast Reconstruction Evaluation Using Acellular Dermal Matrix as a Sling Trial is the largest randomized trial to date in matrix breast reconstruction and emphasizes the importance of careful patient and allograft selection to minimize complications .
METHODS	Therapeutic , II .

###24686911
OBJECTIVE	This study was designed to compare acquisition and maintenance of scripts under two conditions : high cue , which provided numerous multimodality cues designed to minimize errors , and low cue , which provided minimal cues .
METHODS	In a randomized controlled crossover study , eight individuals with chronic aphasia received intensive computer-based script training under two cuing conditions .
METHODS	Each condition lasted 3 weeks , with a 3-week washout period .
METHODS	Trained and untrained scripts were probed for accuracy and rate at baseline , during treatment , immediately posttreatment , and at 3 and 6 weeks posttreatment .
METHODS	Significance testing was conducted on gain scores , and effect sizes were calculated .
RESULTS	Training resulted in significant gains in script acquisition with maintenance of skills at 3 and 6 weeks posttreatment .
RESULTS	Differences between cuing conditions were not significant .
RESULTS	When severity of aphasia was considered , there also were no significant differences between conditions , although magnitude of change was greater in the high-cue condition versus the low-cue condition for those with more severe aphasia .
CONCLUSIONS	Both cuing conditions were effective in acquisition and maintenance of scripts .
CONCLUSIONS	The high-cue condition may be advantageous for those with more severe aphasia .
CONCLUSIONS	Findings support the clinical use of script training and the importance of considering aphasia severity .

###25818679
BACKGROUND	Arterial stiffness is associated with elevated blood pressure ( BP ) , but it is unclear whether it also makes hypertension more resistant to treatment .
BACKGROUND	Among hypertensive dialysis patients , this study investigated whether aortic stiffness determines ambulatory BP and predicts its improvement with therapy .
METHODS	Post hoc analysis of the Hypertension in Hemodialysis Patients Treated With Atenolol or Lisinopril ( HDPAL ) trial .
METHODS	179 hypertensive hemodialysis patients with echocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy .
METHODS	Baseline aortic pulse wave velocity ( PWV ) .
RESULTS	Baseline and treatment-induced change in 44-hour ambulatory BP at 3 , 6 , and 12 months .
METHODS	Aortic PWV was assessed with an echocardiographic-Doppler technique ( ACUSON Cypress , Siemens Medical ) , and 44-hour interdialytic ambulatory BP monitoring was performed with a Spacelabs 90207 monitor .
RESULTS	Mean baseline aortic PWV was 7.62.7 ( SD ) m/s .
RESULTS	Overall treatment-induced changes in ambulatory systolic BP ( SBP ) were -15.620.4 , -18.922.5 , and -20.019.7 mmHg at 3 , 6 , and 12 months .
RESULTS	Changes in SBP were no different among tertiles of baseline PWV .
RESULTS	Aortic PWV was associated directly with baseline ambulatory SBP and pulse pressure ( PP ) and inversely with diastolic BP ( DBP ) .
RESULTS	After adjustment for several cardiovascular risk factors , each 1-m/s higher PWV was associated with 1.34-mm Hg higher baseline SBP ( = 1.340.46 ; P = 0.004 ) and 1.02-mm Hg higher PP ( = 1.020.33 ; P = 0.002 ) , whereas the association with DBP was no longer significant .
RESULTS	Baseline PWV did not predict treatment-induced changes in SBP ( Wald test , P = 0.3 ) and DBP ( Wald test , P = 0.7 ) , but was a predictor of an overall improvement in PP during follow-up ( Wald test , P = 0.03 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Observational design ; predominantly black patients were studied .
CONCLUSIONS	Because aortic PWV is not a predictor of treatment-induced change in ambulatory BP among hypertensive dialysis patients , it indicates that among these patients , hypertension can be controlled successfully regardless of aortic stiffness .

###24588936
BACKGROUND	The efficacy of pegloticase , a polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) - conjugated mammalian recombinant uricase , approved for chronic refractory gout , can be limited by the development of antibodies ( Ab ) .
BACKGROUND	Analyses from 2 replicate , 6-month , randomized controlled trials were performed to characterize Ab responses to pegloticase .
METHODS	Anti-pegloticase , anti-PEG , and anti-uricase Ab were determined by validated enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays .
METHODS	Ab titers were analyzed for possible relationships with serum pegloticase concentrations , serum uric acid ( sUA ) lowering , and risk of infusion reactions ( IRs ) .
RESULTS	Sixty-nine ( 41 % ) of 169 patients receiving pegloticase developed high titer anti-pegloticase Ab ( > 1:2430 ) and 40 % ( 67/169 ) developed anti-PEG Ab ; 1 patient receiving placebo developed high titer anti-pegloticase Ab .
RESULTS	Only 14 % ( 24/169 ) of patients developed anti-uricase Ab , usually at low titer .
RESULTS	In responders , patients showing sustained UA lowering , mean anti-pegloticase titers at week 25 ( 1:837 1687 with biweekly and 1:2025 4506 with monthly dosing ) were markedly lower than in nonresponders ( 1:34,528 42,228 and 1:89,658 297,797 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Nonresponder status was associated with reduced serum pegloticase concentrations .
RESULTS	Baseline anti-pegloticase Ab , evident in 15 % ( 31/212 ) of patients , did not predict subsequent loss of urate-lowering response .
RESULTS	Loss of sUA response preceded IRs in 44 of 56 ( 79 % ) pegloticase-treated patients .
CONCLUSIONS	Loss of responsiveness to pegloticase is associated with the development of high titer anti-pegloticase Ab that increase clearance of pegloticase and are associated with a loss of the sUA lowering effect and increased IR risk .
CONCLUSIONS	Pre-infusion sUA can be used as a surrogate for the presence of deleterious anti-pegloticase Ab .
BACKGROUND	NCT00325195 .
BACKGROUND	Registered 10 May 2006 , NCT01356498 .
BACKGROUND	Registered 27 October 2008 .

###25671925
BACKGROUND	Sympathetic response associated with laryngoscopy and endotracheal intubation is recognized as a potential cause for a number of complications especially in coronary bypass surgery patients .
BACKGROUND	Various methods have been used to attenuate these hemodynamic responses , The aim of our study was to compare lidocaine spray in addition to intravenous morphine on attenuating the hemodynamic response to laryngoscopy and endotracheal intubation with intravenous lidocaine and morphine in coronary artery bypass surgery patients .
METHODS	Sixty patients , scheduled for elective coronary bypass grafting surgery were included in this randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	The patients randomly divided in group-A ( Intravenous Morphine 0.1 mg/kg and Intravenous lidocaine 1.5 mg/kg ) and group-B ( Intravenous Morphine 0.1 mg/kg and lidocaine spray 1.5 mg/kg ) .
RESULTS	Demographic data was comparable in both groups .
RESULTS	There was no statistically significant difference between two groups in the duration of laryngoscopy and intubation .
RESULTS	There was statistically insignificant attenuation in heart rate in both groups ( p = 0.134 ) , the trends of attenuation of systolic blood pressure , diastolic blood pressure and mean arterial pressure in group-A compared to group-B ( p = 0.933 ) , ( p = 0.768 ) and ( p = 0.136 ) respectively were statistically insignificant .
CONCLUSIONS	Under the present study design , lidocaine spray in addition to intravenous morphine had no better effect on attenuating the hemodynamic response to laryngoscopy and endotracheal intubation as compared to intravenous lidocaine and morphine in coronary artery bypass surgery patients .

###24289488
OBJECTIVE	To help facilitate economic evaluations of oncology treatments , we mapped responses on cancer-specific instrument to generic preference-based measures .
METHODS	Cancer patients ( n = 367 ) completed one cancer-specific instrument , the FACT-G , and two preference-based measures , the EQ-5D and SF-6D .
METHODS	Responses were randomly divided to form development ( n = 184 ) and cross-validation ( n = 183 ) samples .
METHODS	Relationships between the instruments were estimated using ordinary least squares ( OLS ) , generalized linear models ( GLM ) , and censored least absolute deviations ( CLAD ) regression approaches .
METHODS	The performance of each model was assessed in terms of how well the responses to the cancer-specific instrument predicted EQ-5D and SF-6D utilities using mean absolute error ( MAE ) and root mean squared error ( RMSE ) .
RESULTS	Physical , functional , and emotional well-being domain scores of the FACT-G best explained the EQ-5D and SF-6D .
RESULTS	In terms of accuracy of prediction as measured in RMSE , the CLAD model performed best for the EQ-5D ( RMSE = 0.095 ) whereas the GLM model performed best for the SF-6D ( RMSE = 0.061 ) .
RESULTS	The GLM predicted SF-6D scores matched the observed values more closely than the CLAD and OLS .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results demonstrate that the estimation of both EQ-5D and SF-6D utility indices using the FACT-G responses can be achieved .
CONCLUSIONS	The CLAD model for the EQ-5D and the GLM model for the SF-6D are recommended .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , it is possible to estimate quality-adjusted life years for economic evaluation from studies where only cancer-specific instrument have been administered .

###25311218
OBJECTIVE	The Children 's Oncology Group study AHOD0031 , a randomized phase III study , was designed to evaluate the role of early chemotherapy response in tailoring subsequent therapy in pediatric intermediate-risk Hodgkin lymphoma .
OBJECTIVE	To avoid treatment-associated risks that compromise long-term health and to maintain high cure rates , dose-intensive chemotherapy with limited cumulative doses was used .
METHODS	Patients received two cycles of doxorubicin , bleomycin , vincristine , etoposide , cyclophosphamide , and prednisone ( ABVE-PC ) followed by response evaluation .
METHODS	Rapid early responders ( RERs ) received two additional ABVE-PC cycles , followed by complete response ( CR ) evaluation .
METHODS	RERs with CR were randomly assigned to involved-field radiotherapy ( IFRT ) or no additional therapy ; RERs with less than CR were nonrandomly assigned to IFRT .
METHODS	Slow early responders ( SERs ) were randomly assigned to receive two additional ABVE-PC cycles with or without two cycles of dexamethasone , etoposide , cisplatin , and cytarabine ( DECA ) .
METHODS	All SERs were assigned to receive IFRT .
RESULTS	Among 1,712 eligible patients , 4-year event-free survival ( EFS ) was 85.0 % : 86.9 % for RERs and 77.4 % for SERs ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Four-year overall survival was 97.8 % : 98.5 % for RERs and 95.3 % for SERs ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Four-year EFS was 87.9 % versus 84.3 % ( P = .11 ) for RERs with CR who were randomly assigned to IFRT versus no IFRT , and 86.7 % versus 87.3 % ( P = .87 ) for RERs with positron emission tomography ( PET ) - negative results at response assessment .
RESULTS	Four-year EFS was 79.3 % versus 75.2 % ( P = .11 ) for SERs who were randomly assigned to DECA versus no DECA , and 70.7 % versus 54.6 % ( P = .05 ) for SERs with PET-positive results at response assessment .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial demonstrated that early response assessment supported therapeutic titration ( omitting radiotherapy in RERs with CR ; augmenting chemotherapy in SERs with PET-positive disease ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Strategies directed toward improved response assessment and risk stratification may enhance tailoring of treatment to patient characteristics and response .

###26094838
OBJECTIVE	Some central hypersomnolence syndromes are associated with a positive allosteric modulator of - aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) - A receptors in cerebrospinal fluid .
OBJECTIVE	Negative allosteric modulators of GABA-A receptors , including clarithromycin , have been reported to reduce sleepiness in these patients .
OBJECTIVE	We sought to systematically assess the effects of clarithromycin on objective vigilance and subjective sleepiness .
METHODS	This was a 5-week , randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blind , crossover trial of clarithromycin 500mg with breakfast and lunch , in patients with hypersomnolence syndromes ( excluding narcolepsy with cataplexy ) and evidence for abnormal cerebrospinal fluid potentiation of GABA-A receptors .
METHODS	The study occurred at a university-affiliated medical center .
METHODS	The primary outcome measure was median reaction time on the psychomotor vigilance task ( PVT ) at week 2 in each condition .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes included the Epworth Sleepiness Scale , Stanford Sleepiness Scale , Functional Outcomes of Sleep Questionnaire , Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index , SF-36 , and additional PVT measures .
RESULTS	Twenty-three patients began treatment .
RESULTS	Three patients dropped out , and final analyses were performed on 20 complete cases .
RESULTS	Median reaction time was not significantly different between clarithromycin and placebo .
RESULTS	Subjective measures of sleepiness were significantly improved on clarithromycin versus placebo .
RESULTS	Altered taste perception occurred , but was the only side effect more common on clarithromycin than placebo .
RESULTS	No serious adverse events occurred .
CONCLUSIONS	Subjective sleepiness , but not psychomotor vigilance , improved during a 2-week course of clarithromycin .
CONCLUSIONS	Although additional studies are needed , this suggests that clarithromycin may be a reasonable treatment option in patients with treatment-refractory hypersomnolence .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT01146600 ) and supported by the American Sleep Medicine Foundation .

###25730930
OBJECTIVE	To report the results of analysis of the economic efficiency of physical rehabilitation of the patients surviving after myocardial infarction with the use of physical exercises .
METHODS	The study included 110 patients ( mean age 58,39,8 years ) who were randomized into two groups : the group where the patients were treated with the use of physical training ( n = 53 ) and the control group ( n = 57 ) .
METHODS	The physical training included natural walking over the level ground at a speed corresponding to 60 % of the maximum heart rate achieved during the initial 6 minute of the walking test .
RESULTS	The results of the analysis indicate that the cost of the full course of medicamental therapy for the patients of the control group was 790.043,83 rubles higher than that for the patients treated with the use of physical exercises .
RESULTS	The expenses for the instrumental and laboratory studies in the former group proved to be 142.776,8 rubles higher than in the latter .
CONCLUSIONS	The inclusion of controlled physical exercises in the program in the rehabilitative treatment of the patients surviving after myocardial infarction makes it possible to achieve a higher quality of their life with the more favourable cost-benefit ratio compared with use of medicamental therapy alone .

###25307886
BACKGROUND	The primary aim of the present study was to evaluate whether usage of self-gripping mesh in open inguinal hernia repair , compared with standard Lichtenstein repair with sutured mesh , could result in a decreased rate of chronic pain at 6-mo follow-up .
BACKGROUND	The secondary outcome was to evaluate foreign body feeling and the quality of life after inguinal hernia repair .
METHODS	The patients were randomized into two study groups as follows : the OLP group received Optilene LP mesh and the PPG group received self-gripping Parietex ProGrip mesh .
METHODS	Pain scores were measured on a visual analog scale .
METHODS	Foreign body feeling was registered as a yes or no question .
METHODS	Quality of life was evaluated using the Medical Outcome Study Short-Form 36 questionnaire .
RESULTS	A total of 75 patients in the OLP group and 70 patients in the PPG group were included in the analysis .
RESULTS	According to the primary end point , 45.3 % and 31.4 % of the patients in the OLP group and PPG group experienced pain during different activities at 6-mo follow-up , respectively ( P = 0.092 ) .
RESULTS	Per secondary end point , 22.7 % in the OLP group and 40 % in the PPG group reported foreign body feeling at the operation site at 6-mo follow-up ( P = 0.031 , risk ratio 0.57 , 95 % confidence interval 0.29-1 .07 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in any domain of quality of life according to the Short-Form 36 questionnaire between the two study groups at 6-mo follow-up , except for the social functioning domain ( P = 0.035 ) .
RESULTS	In the OLP group , the quality of life scores improved significantly after operation in all domains except for general health and mental health .
RESULTS	In the PPG group , the quality of life scores improved significantly after operation in the domains of bodily pain , physical functioning , and physical role .
CONCLUSIONS	Self-gripping mesh compared with standard Lichtenstein operation has no advantages in reducing chronic pain 6-mo after surgery .
CONCLUSIONS	The rate of foreign body feeling was higher in the self-gripping mesh group .
CONCLUSIONS	Scores of bodily pain , physical functioning , and physical role improved significantly in both study groups after hernia surgery .

###25534295
OBJECTIVE	To perform a subset analysis of patients with very platinum-sensitive recurrent ovarian cancer ( ROC ) enrolled in the phase III CALYPSO trial .
METHODS	The international non-inferiority trial enrolled women with ROC that relapsed > 6 months following first - or second-line platinum - and paclitaxel-based therapies .
METHODS	Patients were randomised to CD [ carboplatin-pegylated liposomal doxorubicin ( PLD ) ] or CP ( carboplatin-paclitaxel ) and stratified by treatment-free interval ( TFI ) .
METHODS	In this analysis , patients with a TFI > 24 months were analysed separately for progression free survival ( PFS ) , the primary endpoint of CALYPSO , overall survival ( OS ) and safety .
RESULTS	A total of 259 very platinum-sensitive patients were included ( n = 131 , CD ; n = 128 , CP ) .
RESULTS	Median PFS was 12.0 months for the CD arm and 12.3 months for CP [ HR = 1.05 ( 95 % CI , 0.79-1 .40 ) ; P = 0.73 for superiority ] and median OS was 40.2 months for CD and 43.9 for CP [ HR = 1.18 ( 95 % CI 0.85-1 .63 ) ; P = 0.33 for superiority ] .
RESULTS	Overall response rates were 42 % and 38 % , respectively ( P = 0.46 ) .
RESULTS	Toxicities were more common with CP versus CD , including grade 3/4 neutropenia ( 40.8 % versus 27.5 % ; P = 0.025 ) , nausea ( 4.8 % versus 3.1 % ; P = 0.47 ) , allergic reaction ( 8 % versus 3.1 % ; P = 0.082 ) sensory neuropathy ( 4.8 % versus 2.3 % ; P = 0.27 ) and grade 2 alopecia ( 88 % versus 9.2 % ; P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Grade 3/4 thrombocytopenia ( 12.2 % versus 3.2 % ; P = 0.007 ) and mucositis ( 2.3 % versus 0 % ; P = 0.089 ) were more common with CD .
RESULTS	Grade 3/4 hand-foot syndrome occurred rarely with CD ( 3 patients versus 0 in CP arm ; P = 0.089 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	CP and CD were equally effective treatment regimens for patients with very platinum-sensitive ROC .
CONCLUSIONS	The favourable risk-benefit profile suggests carboplatin-PLD as treatment of choice for these patients .

###24472622
BACKGROUND	Allocentric navigation declines with age and neurologic disease whereas egocentric navigation does not ; differences that likely arise from maladaptive changes in brain regions mediating spatial ( parietal cortex ; hippocampus ) but not procedural processing ( caudate nucleus ) .
BACKGROUND	Transcranial direct current stimulation ( tDCS ) holds promise for treating such decline given its ability to modulate neuronal excitability , but its effects have yet to be examined on spatial navigation .
OBJECTIVE	Using healthy young adults as a model , Study 1 intended to validate a novel spatial navigation paradigm using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) .
OBJECTIVE	Using these data to determine targets for tDCS , Study 2 aimed to determine if 1 ) stimulation modulates activation in a polarity-specific manner ; 2 ) stimulation results in global and/or task-specific activation changes ; 3 ) activation changes are accompanied by changes in effective connectivity .
METHODS	All participants underwent fMRI while learning allocentric and egocentric environments .
METHODS	Twelve participants completed Study 1 .
METHODS	In Study 2 , 16 participants were randomized to 20 min of tDCS ( 2 mA ) using a montage with the anode over PZ and cathode over AF4 ( P+F - ) or the reverse montage ( P-F + ) .
RESULTS	Study 1 revealed that distinct networks preferentially mediate allocentric and egocentric navigation .
RESULTS	Study 2 revealed polarity-dependent changes in activation and connectivity .
RESULTS	The P+F - montage increased these measures in spatial regions , especially during allocentric navigation , and the caudate nucleus .
RESULTS	Conversely , the P-F + montage increased activation and connectivity in lateral prefrontal cortices and posterior hippocampus .
CONCLUSIONS	These findings support the neuromodulatory effects of tDCS in non-motor areas and demonstrate proof-of-principle for ameliorating age - and disease-related decline in navigational abilities .

###24616307
OBJECTIVE	This study aimed to determine whether feeding back patient-reported outcomes ( PROs ) to providers and families of children with advanced cancer improves symptom distress and health-related quality of life ( HRQoL ) .
METHODS	This study was a parallel , multicentered pilot randomized controlled trial .
METHODS	At most once per week , children age 2 years old with advanced cancer or their parent completed the computer-based Pediatric Quality of Life and Evaluation of Symptoms Technology ( PediQUEST ) survey consisting of age - and respondent-adapted versions of the Memorial Symptom Assessment Scale ( MSAS ) , Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory 4.0 Generic Core Scales ( PedsQL4 .0 ) , and an overall Sickness question .
METHODS	In the intervention group ( n = 51 ) , oncologists and families received printed reports summarizing PROs ; e-mails were sent to oncologists and subspecialists when predetermined scores were exceeded .
METHODS	No feedback was provided in the control group ( n = 53 ) .
METHODS	Primary outcomes included linear trends of MSAS , PedsQL4 .0 total and subscale scores , and Sickness scores during 20 weeks of follow-up , along with child , parent , and provider satisfaction with PediQUEST feedback .
RESULTS	Feedback did not significantly affect average MSAS , PedsQL4 .0 , or Sickness score trends .
RESULTS	Post hoc subgroup analyses among children age 8 years who survived 20 weeks showed that feedback improved PedsQL4 .0 emotional ( +8.1 ; 95 % CI , 1.8 to 14.4 ) and Sickness ( -8.2 ; 95 % CI , -14.2 to -2.2 ) scores .
RESULTS	PediQUEST reports were valued by children , parents , and providers and contributed at least sometimes to physician initiation of a psychosocial consult ( 56 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Although routine feedback of PROs did not significantly affect the child 's symptoms or HRQoL , changes were in expected directions and improvements observed in emotional HRQoL through exploratory analyses were encouraging .
CONCLUSIONS	Importantly , children , parents , and providers value PRO feedback .

###26347918
BACKGROUND	Patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction ( STEMI ) and multivessel coronary disease have a worse prognosis compared with individuals with single-vessel disease .
BACKGROUND	We aimed to study the clinical outcome of patients with STEMI treated with fractional flow reserve ( FFR ) - guided complete revascularisation versus treatment of the infarct-related artery only .
METHODS	We undertook an open-label , randomised controlled trial at two university hospitals in Denmark .
METHODS	Patients presenting with STEMI who had one or more clinically significant coronary stenosis in addition to the lesion in the infarct-related artery were included .
METHODS	After successful percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) of the infarct-related artery , patients were randomly allocated ( in a 1:1 ratio ) either no further invasive treatment or complete FFR-guided revascularisation before discharge .
METHODS	Randomisation was done electronically via a web-based system in permuted blocks of varying size by the clinician who did the primary PCI .
METHODS	All patients received best medical treatment .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause mortality , non-fatal reinfarction , and ischaemia-driven revascularization of lesions in non-infarct-related arteries and was assessed when the last enrolled patient had been followed up for 1 year .
METHODS	Analysis was on an intention-to-treat basis .
METHODS	This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01960933 .
RESULTS	From March , 2011 , to February , 2014 , we enrolled 627 patients to the trial ; 313 were allocated no further invasive treatment after primary PCI of the infarct-related artery only and 314 were assigned complete revascularization guided by FFR values .
RESULTS	Median follow-up was 27 months ( range 1244 months ) .
RESULTS	Events comprising the primary endpoint were recorded in 68 ( 22 % ) patients who had PCI of the infarct-related artery only and in 40 ( 13 % ) patients who had complete revascularisation ( hazard ratio 056 , 95 % CI 038083 ; p = 0004 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with STEMI and multivessel disease , complete revascularisation guided by FFR measurements significantly reduces the risk of future events compared with no further invasive intervention after primary PCI .
CONCLUSIONS	This effect is driven by significantly fewer repeat revascularisations , because all-cause mortality and non-fatal reinfarction did not differ between groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , to avoid repeat revascularisation , patients can safely have all their lesions treated during the index admission .
CONCLUSIONS	Future studies should clarify whether complete revascularization should be done acutely during the index procedure or at later time and whether it has an effect on hard endpoints .
BACKGROUND	Danish Agency for Science , Technology and Innovation and Danish Council for Strategic Research .

###25441567
BACKGROUND	The treatment of adhesive capsulitis is a dilemma for orthopaedic rehabilitation specialists .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we assessed whether extracorporeal shockwave therapy ( ESWT ) improves the functional outcome of primary shoulder adhesive capsulitis .
METHODS	In this prospective , randomized , controlled , single-blind clinical trial , we enrolled 40 patients with primary adhesive capsulitis to assess whether ESWT can improve the functional outcome of primary adhesive capsulitis better than oral steroid therapy .
METHODS	Patients were allocated to the oral steroid group or ESWT group with randomization .
METHODS	Functional outcome evaluations were performed using the Constant Shoulder Score ( CSS ) and Oxford Shoulder Score .
RESULTS	Both groups showed significant improvement in the Oxford Shoulder Score evaluation throughout the study period .
RESULTS	In the ESWT group , the total CSS and range of motion ( ROM ) parameter of the CSS in the ESWT group showed significant improvement from the fourth week that was better than that in the steroid group ; the activitiesofdaily living ( ADL ) parameter of the CSS achieved significance and was better than that in the steroid group at the sixth week .
RESULTS	For the steroid group , pain was significantly reduced from baseline to the fourth week of the study ; ADL and ROM improved at the fourth to 12th week .
RESULTS	For the ESWT group , ADL and ROM improvements were significant from baseline to the sixth week .
CONCLUSIONS	Our results showed that ESWT can be an alternative treatment , at least in the short-term , for primary adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder .
CONCLUSIONS	In addition , all of the side effects of ESWT were transient and tolerable .

###24429129
BACKGROUND	Few treatment options exist for patients with severe emphysema .
BACKGROUND	We assessed the clinical benefits and safety of lung volume reduction coils ( LVRCs ) for the treatment of patients with severe emphysema with hyperinflation .
METHODS	In a randomised study , we recruited patients with severe emphysema ( aged 35 years ) from three centres in the UK .
METHODS	Using a computer-generated randomisation sequence , we randomly allocated patients in a one-to-one ratio ( block sizes of four and stratified by centre ) to either LVRC treatment ( treatment group ) or best medical care ( usual care group ) .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the difference in response in the St George 's Respiratory Questionnaire ( SGRQ ) between treatment and usual care groups at 90 days after final treatment ( by intention-to-treat analysis ) .
METHODS	The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01334307 .
RESULTS	Between Jan 27 , 2010 , to Oct 25 , 2011 , we recruited and randomly allocated 47 patients : 23 to treatment and 24 to usual care ( 23 patients in each group were included in the intention-to-treat analysis ) .
RESULTS	SGRQ response at 90 days after final treatment was greater in the treatment group than it was in the usual care group ( between-group difference in change from baseline -836 points [ 95 % CI -1624 to -047 ] ; p = 004 ) .
RESULTS	We detected no between-group difference in serious adverse events .
CONCLUSIONS	Our findings suggest that treatment with endobronchial coils can improve quality of life for patients with severe emphysema and hyperinflation .
BACKGROUND	PneumRx .

###26154547
OBJECTIVE	To evaluate the change in respiratory function and functional capacity according to the type of preoperative fasting .
METHODS	Randomized prospective clinical trial , with 92 female patients undergoing cholecystectomy by laparotomy with conventional or 2 hours shortened fasting .
METHODS	The variables measured were the peak expiratory flow , forced expiratory volume in the first second , forced vital capacity , dominant handgrip strength , and non-dominant handgrip strength .
METHODS	Evaluations were performed 2 hours before induction of anesthesia and 24 hours after the operation .
RESULTS	The two groups were similar in preoperative evaluations regarding demographic and clinical characteristics , as well as for all variables .
RESULTS	However , postoperatively the group with shortened fasting had higher values than the group with conventional fasting for lung function tests peak expiratory flow ( 128.762.5 versus 115.759.9 ; p = 0.040 ) , forced expiratory volume in the first second ( 1.50.6 versus 1.20.5 ; p = 0.040 ) , forced vital capacity ( 2.31.1 versus 1.80.9 ; p = 0.021 ) , and for muscle function tests dominant handgrip strength ( 24.96.8 versus 18.47.7 ; p = 0.001 ) and non-dominant handgrip strength ( 22.96.3 versus 17.07.8 ; p = 0.0002 ) .
RESULTS	In the intragroup evaluation , there was a decrease in preoperative compared with postoperative values , except for dominant handgrip strength ( 25.26.7 versus 24.96.8 ; p = 0.692 ) , in the shortened fasting group .
CONCLUSIONS	Abbreviation of preoperative fasting time with ingestion of maltodextrin solution is beneficial to pulmonary function and preserves dominant handgrip strength .

###24874564
BACKGROUND	Wholegrain rye has been associated with decreased hunger sensations .
BACKGROUND	This may be partly mediated by colonic fermentation .
BACKGROUND	Sustained consumption of fermentable components is known to change the gut microflora and may increase numbers of saccharolytic bacteria .
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the effect of wholegrain rye consumption on appetite and colonic fermentation after a subsequent meal .
METHODS	In a randomized , controlled , three-arm cross-over study , twelve healthy male subjects consumed three iso-caloric evening test meals .
METHODS	The test meals were based on white wheat bread ( WBB ) , wholegrain rye kernel bread ( RKB ) , or boiled rye kernels ( RK ) .
METHODS	Breath hydrogen excretion and subjective appetite sensation were measured before and at 30min intervals for 3h after a standardized breakfast in the subsequent morning .
METHODS	After the 3h , an ad libitum lunch meal was served to assess energy intake .
METHODS	In an in vitro study , RKB and RK were subjected to digestion and 24h-fermentation in order to study SCFA production and growth of selected saccharolytic bacteria .
RESULTS	The test meals did not differ in their effect on parameters of subjective appetite sensation the following day .
RESULTS	Ad libitum energy intake at lunch was , however , reduced by 11 % ( P < 0.01 ) after RKB and 7 % ( P < 0.05 ) after RK compared with after WWB evening meal .
RESULTS	Breath hydrogen excretion was significantly increased following RKB and RK evening meals compared with WWB ( P < 0.01 and P < 0.05 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Overall , RKB and RK were readily fermented in vitro and exhibited similar fermentation profiles , although total SCFA production was higher for RK compared with RKB ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	In vitro fermentation of RKB and RK both increased the relative quantities of Bifidobacterium and decreased Bacteroides compared with inoculum ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	The C. coccoides group was reduced after RKB ( P < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Consumption of wholegrain rye products reduced subsequent ad libitum energy intake in young healthy men , possibly mediated by mechanisms related to colonic fermentation .

###25613949
OBJECTIVE	We investigated the safety of a telemetric IOP sensor and the accuracy of its IOP measurements in six patients with open-angle glaucoma and cataract .
METHODS	The study design was a prospective , single-center clinical trial .
METHODS	Here we present 1-year follow-up data .
METHODS	A ring-shaped telemetric IOP sensor was implanted in the ciliary sulcus after implantation of the intracapsular lens , during planned cataract surgery .
METHODS	The sensor is encapsulated in silicone rubber and consists of a miniature device with eight pressure-sensitive capacitors and a circular microcoil antenna .
METHODS	IOP measurements are performed with a reader unit held in front of the eye .
METHODS	IOP is calculated as the differences between the absolute pressure inside the eye ( pressure sensor ) and that outside the eye ( reader unit ) .
RESULTS	The sensor was successfully implanted in all patients .
RESULTS	Four patients developed sterile anterior chamber inflammation that resolved completely within 9 days after surgery with anti-inflammatory treatment .
RESULTS	All patients showed mild to moderate pupillary distortion and pigment dispersion after surgery .
RESULTS	Telemetric IOP measurement was performed in all patients at all visits , and the patients successfully performed self-tonometry at home after receiving instructions .
RESULTS	Telemetric IOP values showed similar profiles compared to those of Goldmann applanation tonometry ( GAT ) .
RESULTS	Three patients showed a relevant IOP step during follow-up , and in one patient , negative values were obtained throughout the study .
CONCLUSIONS	Despite early postoperative anterior chamber inflammation , the IOP sensor was well tolerated by all patients .
CONCLUSIONS	We describe the first prospective clinical study of a noncontact IOP sensor that potentially enables continuous IOP monitoring in patients with glaucoma .
CONCLUSIONS	The sensor shape and size needs to be adapted to avoid pupillary distortion and to confirm that IOP measurements are accurately recorded in comparison to those of GAT .
CONCLUSIONS	( www.germanctr.de ; number DRKS00003335 . )

###24991933
BACKGROUND	Sleep-disturbed breathing ( SDB ) is common in patients with precapillary pulmonary hypertension ( PH ) .
BACKGROUND	Nocturnal oxygen therapy ( NOT ) and acetazolamide improve SDB in patients with PH , and NOT improves exercise capacity .
BACKGROUND	We investigated the effect of NOT and acetazolamide on nocturnal cardiac conduction , repolarization , and arrhythmias in patients with PH and SDB .
METHODS	In a randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blind , crossover trial , 23 patients with arterial ( n = 16 ) or chronic thromboembolic PH ( n = 7 ) and SDB defined as a mean nocturnal oxygen saturation < 90 % or dips ( > 3 % ) > 10/h with daytime Pao2 7.3 kPa were studied .
METHODS	Participants received NOT ( 3 L/min ) , acetazolamide tablets ( 2 250 mg ) , and sham-NOT/placebo each during 1 week separated by a 1-week washout period .
METHODS	Three-lead ECG was recorded during overnight polysomnography at the end of each treatment period .
METHODS	Repolarization indices were averaged over three cardiac cycles at late evening and at early morning , and nocturnal arrhythmias were counted .
RESULTS	NOT was associated with a lower overnight ( 68 10 beats/min vs 72 9 beats/min , P = .010 ) and early morning heart rate compared with placebo .
RESULTS	At late evening , the heart rate-adjusted PQ time was increased under acetazolamide compared with placebo ( mean difference , 10 milliseconds ; 95 % CI , 0-20 milliseconds ; P = .042 ) .
RESULTS	In the morning under NOT , the heart rate-adjusted QT ( QTc ) interval was decreased compared with placebo ( mean difference , -25 milliseconds ; 95 % CI , -45 to -6 milliseconds ; P = .007 ) , and the interval between the peak and the end of the T wave on the ECG was shorter compared with acetazolamide ( mean difference , -11 milliseconds ; 95 % CI , -21 to -1 milliseconds ; P = .028 ) .
RESULTS	Arrhythmias were rare and similar with all treatments .
CONCLUSIONS	In patients with PH with SDB , NOT reduces nocturnal heart rate and QTc in the morning , thus , favorably modifying prognostic markers .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov ; No. : NTC-01427192 ; URL : www.clinicaltrials.gov .

###25087414
OBJECTIVE	The objective of the present work was to study effects of low-level laser irradiation on the endothelial function and selected parameters of microcirculation in the patients presenting with rheumatoid arthritis .
METHODS	This study included 132 patients at the age varying from 18 to 85 years presenting with rheumatoid arthritis .
METHODS	They were divided into 2 groups .
METHODS	The patients of the main group ( n = 102 ) underwent daily intravenous laser blood irradiation during 10 days .
METHODS	The control group was comprised of 30 patients .
METHODS	Laser therapy was performed with the help of a laser therapeutic device Matrix - VLOK ( `` Matrix '' , Russia ) using alternation of two radiating heads : KI-VLOK-63 ( wavelength 0.63 pm , for 15 minutes ) and KI-VLOK-365 ( wavelength 0.365 microm , for 5 minutes ) in the continuous emission regime .
METHODS	The parameters of interest were measured before and after the treatment .
METHODS	The overall duration of intravenous laser irradiation of blood was 10 days without a break for the weekend .
RESULTS	The data obtained suggest the improvement of the endothelial function and the microcirculation indices .

###25312449
BACKGROUND	Few clinical trials in chronic idiopathic constipation ( CIC ) patients have evaluated abdominal symptom severity and whether CIC patients with abdominal symptoms respond similarly to patients with limited abdominal symptoms .
OBJECTIVE	To examine abdominal symptom severity and relationships between symptoms and global measures at baseline ; compare linaclotide 's effect on symptoms in subpopulations with more or less abdominal pain ; and assess relationships between symptom improvement and global measures in these two subpopulations .
METHODS	In two phase 3 trials , patients meeting modified Rome II CIC criteria were assigned to linaclotide 145g , 290g , or placebo once daily .
METHODS	Patients rated abdominal and bowel symptoms daily during 2-week pre-treatment and 12-week treatment periods .
METHODS	Linaclotide 's effect on symptoms and global measures [ constipation severity , health-related quality of life ( HRQOL ) , treatment satisfaction ] and their inter-relationships were assessed in post hoc analyses of abdominal pain subpopulations .
RESULTS	Of 1271 CIC patients , 23 % , 32 % , and 43 % reported moderate-to-severe abdominal pain , discomfort , and bloating , respectively , during baseline .
RESULTS	In more-severe abdominal pain patients , abdominal symptoms were more strongly correlated than bowel symptoms with global measures , but in less-severeabdominal pain patients , abdominal and bowel symptoms were similarly correlated with global measures , at baseline and post-treatment .
RESULTS	Linaclotide significantly improved all symptoms and global measures in both subpopulations .
CONCLUSIONS	When abdominal pain is present in CIC , abdominal and not bowel symptoms may drive patient assessments of constipation severity , HRQOL , and treatment satisfaction .
CONCLUSIONS	Linaclotide ( 145g and 290g ) is an effective treatment for both abdominal and bowel symptoms , even in CIC patients with more severe abdominal pain at baseline .
CONCLUSIONS	( Clinicaltrials.gov : NCT00765882 , NCT00730015 ) .

###25649209
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the safety and efficacy of QMF149 , a once-daily , fixed-dose combination of the long-acting 2-agonist ( LABA ) indacaterol maleate and inhaled corticosteroid ( ICS ) mometasone furoate ( MF ) for the treatment of persistent asthma .
OBJECTIVE	The hypothesis was that QMF149 would not increase the risk of serious asthma exacerbations .
METHODS	174 research centres in nine countries .
METHODS	1519 adolescents and adults with persistent asthma who were treated or qualified for treatment with combination LABA/ICS were randomised , and 1508 were included in the intention-to-treat analysis .
METHODS	Patients were randomised to QMF149 ( indacaterol maleate 500g/MF 400g ) or MF ( 400g ) once daily via Twisthaler inhalation device in a double-blind , parallel-group study for 6-21months .
METHODS	The primary end point was time to first serious asthma exacerbation ( resulting in hospitalisation , intubation or death ) .
METHODS	The key secondary end point was annual rate of exacerbations requiring systemic corticosteroids .
RESULTS	Treatment with QMF149 resulted in no significant difference in time to first serious exacerbation compared to MF ( 2 ( 0.3 % ) vs 6 events ( 0.8 % ) ; difference -0.52 percentage point ; 95 % CI -1.25 to 0.21 , p = 0.160 , HR = 0.31 ; 95 % CI 0.06 to 1.54 , p = 0.151 ) .
RESULTS	QMF149 significantly reduced the annual rate of exacerbations requiring systemic corticosteroids ( rate ratio = 0.71 ; 95 % CI 0.55 to 0.90 , p = 0.005 ) .
RESULTS	Proportions of patients experiencing adverse events were similar across groups ( 74.0 % in the QMF149 group and 73.4 % in the MF group ) .
RESULTS	Serious adverse events occurred in 4 % and 5.8 % of patients in the QMF149 and MF groups , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	No significant difference was observed in the primary outcome of time to first serious asthma exacerbation in patients treated with QMF149 compared with patients treated with MF .
CONCLUSIONS	Long-term treatment with QMF149 once daily had a favourable safety/efficacy profile in adolescent and adult patients with persistent asthma .
BACKGROUND	ClinicalTrials.gov ; NCT00941798 .

###25470975
OBJECTIVE	To study the clinical effect of Dengzhanhua injection and Xiongqin injection combined with Xuesaitong to treat the elderly patients with acute cerebral infarction .
METHODS	From March 2012 to March 2013,140 patients with acute cerebral infarction elderly patients were treated , as research subjects were randomly divided into two groups , the observation group and the control group ,70 cases in each group .
METHODS	The control group were treated using Xuesaitong ; The observation group using Dengzhanhua injection and Xiongqin injection combined with Xuesaitong .
METHODS	The changes of cerebral blood flow , plasma viscosity and platelet adhesion rate were com - pared before and after the treatment ; Nerve function and living abilities of the two groups were recorded and compared ; Cure rate of the two groups were compared .
RESULTS	The cerebral blood flow , plasma viscosity and platelet adhesion rate had improved to some extent af - ter treatment both of the two groups , the degree of improvement in the observation group was significantly better than the control group ( P < 0.01 ) ; Nerve function and living abilities of the observation group was significantly better than the control group ( P < 0.05 ) ; Cure rate in the observation group was significantly higher than the control group ( P < 0.01 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Using Dengzhanhua injection and Xiongqin injection combined with Xuesaitong to treat elderly patients with acute cerebral infarction has significantly high curative rate , which can significantly improve patients ' cerebral blood flow , plasma viscosity , platelet adhesion rate , nerve function and life skills .

###25220196
BACKGROUND	Implant migration , bone mineral density ( BMD ) , length of glenohumeral offset ( LGHO ) , and clinical results were compared for the Copeland ( Biomet Inc , Warsaw , IN , USA ) and the Global C.A.P. ( DePuy Int , Warsaw , IN , USA ) humeral head resurfacing implants ( HHRIs ) .
METHODS	The study randomly allocated 32 patients ( 13 women ) , mean age 63 years ( range , 39-82 years ) , with shoulder osteoarthritis to a Copeland ( n = 14 ) or Global C.A.P. ( n = 18 ) HHRI .
METHODS	Patients were monitored for 2 years with radiostereometry , dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry , Constant Shoulder Score ( CSS ) , and the Western Ontario Osteoarthritis of the Shoulder Index ( WOOS ) .
METHODS	LGHO was measured preoperatively and 6 months postoperatively .
RESULTS	At 2 years , total translation ( TT ) was 0.48 mm ( standard deviation [ SD ] , 0.21 mm ) for the Copeland and 0.82 mm ( SD , 0.46 mm ) for the Global C.A.P. ( P = .06 ) .
RESULTS	Five HHRI were revised , and in the interval before the last follow-up ( revision or 2 years ) , TT of 0.58 mm ( SD , 0.61 mm ) for revised HHRI was higher ( P = .02 ) than TT of 0.22 mm ( SD , 0.17 mm ) in nonrevised HHRI .
RESULTS	A comparison of TT at the last follow-up ( revision or 2 years ) found no difference between the HHRIs ( P = .12 ) .
RESULTS	Periprosthetic BMD decreased initially but increased continuously after 6 months for both HHRIs .
RESULTS	At 2 years , BMD was 48 % higher around the Copeland HHRI ( P = .005 ) .
RESULTS	The mean difference in LGHO was significantly higher for the Copeland than for the Global C.A.P. HHRI ( P = .02 ) .
RESULTS	Clinical results evaluated with CSS and WOOS improved over time for both implant groups ( P < .01 ) , with no differences between the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Both implants had only little migration and good clinical results .
CONCLUSIONS	Periprosthetic BMD and LGHO both increased for the Copeland HHRI more than for the Global C.A.P HHRI .

###24334921
BACKGROUND	The role of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor ( GLP-1R ) variants on body weight response after dietary intervention has not been evaluated so far .
OBJECTIVE	Our aim was to evaluate weight loss and adipocytokine levels after two hypocaloric diets with different macronutrient distribution in obese subjects with rs6923761 .
METHODS	A sample of 280 obese subjects was randomized to two hypocaloric diets .
RESULTS	124 patients ( 44.3 % ) had the genotype GG ( wild-type ) and 156 ( 55.7 % ) had another genotype ( mutant ) , i.e. GA ( n = 132 , 47.1 % ) or AA ( n = 24 , 8.6 % ) .
RESULTS	With the type I diet ( low in carbohydrates ) in the wild-type and mutant groups , BMI , weight , fat mass , waist circumference , insulin levels , insulin resistance and triglycerides decreased .
RESULTS	Anthropometric parameters were higher in non-A-allele carriers than A-allele carriers .
RESULTS	With the type II diet ( low in fats ) in all genotypes , BMI , weight , fat mass , waist circumference , insulin levels , total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol decreased .
CONCLUSIONS	Our data showed better anthropometric parameters in obese subjects with the mutant allele ( A ) of the rs6923761 GLP-1R polymorphism .
CONCLUSIONS	A lack of association of this polymorphism with weight loss or biochemical parameters after two different hypocaloric diets was observed .

###24766686
OBJECTIVE	Missing data are a significant problem in clinical trials , particularly for quality of life ( QOL ) , which can not be obtained retrospectively .
OBJECTIVE	The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of an electronic web-based strategy for QOL data collection in a cooperative group radiation oncology trial setting .
METHODS	Radiation Therapy Oncology Group ( RTOG ) 0828 was a prospective National Cancer Institute cooperative group companion study of RTOG-0415 , a randomized study of conventional versus hypofractionated radiation .
METHODS	Forty-nine English-speaking patients with favorable risk prostate cancer who enrolled on RTOG-0415 consented to using web-based technology for completing QOL .
METHODS	In RTOG-0415 , using paper forms , the 6-month QOL compliance rate was 52 % .
METHODS	The purpose of RTOG-0828 was to test the feasibility of a web-based strategy with the goal of increasing the 6-month QOL completion rate by 25 % ( from 52 % to 77 % ) for a relative improvement of ~ 50 % .
METHODS	The web-based tool used in this study was VisionTree Optimal Care ( VTOC ; VisionTree Software , Inc , San Diego , CA ) , a Health-Insurance-Portability-Accountability-Act secure , online technology that allows real-time tracking and e-mail reminders .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was the 6-month compliance rate for the validated QOL instrument , Expanded Prostate Index Composite .
RESULTS	The QOL completion rate at baseline was 98 % .
RESULTS	Compared with the prior 52 % QOL completion rate at 6 months using paper forms , the QOL web-based completion rate at 6 months was 90 % ( 2-sided P value < .001 ) .
RESULTS	At 12 months , the EPIC completion rate was 82 % ( compared with 36 % using paper forms ) .
CONCLUSIONS	This RTOG study suggests that a web-based strategy to collect QOL appears to be feasible in the cooperative group radiation oncology trial setting and is associated with an increase in the 6-month QOL compliance rate compared with the prior method of using paper forms .
CONCLUSIONS	The RTOG plans to further test this strategy in a head-and-neck cancer trial across all participating RTOG sites .

###25295834
OBJECTIVE	The increase in numbers of patients requiring oral anti-coagulation testing in outpatient clinics has focused attention on alternative flexible systems of anti-coagulation management .
OBJECTIVE	One option is pharmacist led patient self-testing ( PST ) of international normalised ratio ( INR ) levels .
OBJECTIVE	PST has demonstrated improvements in anti-coagulation control , but its cost-effectiveness is inconclusive .
OBJECTIVE	This study reports the first cost-effectiveness evaluation of a randomized controlled trial of an automated direct-to-patient expert system , enabling remote and effective management of patients on oral anti-coagulation therapy .
METHODS	We conducted an economic evaluation alongside a randomised controlled trial investigating a pharmacist led PST method .
METHODS	The primary outcome was to determine the cost effectiveness of PST in comparison with usual care ( management in a hospital based anti-coagulation clinic ) .
METHODS	Long term anti-coagulation patients were recruited to a 6 month cross over study between PST and routine care in an anti-coagulation clinic .
METHODS	Economic evaluation was from the healthcare payer perspective .
CONCLUSIONS	On a per patient basis over a 6 month period , PST resulted in an incremental cost of 59.08 in comparison with routine care .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients achieved a significantly higher time in therapeutic range ( TTR ) during the PST arm in comparison with routine care , ( 72 19.7 % vs. 59 13.5 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Overall cost of managing a patient through pharmacist supervised PST for a 6 month period is 226.45 .
CONCLUSIONS	Additional analysis of strategies from a societal perspective indicated that PST was the dominant strategy .
CONCLUSIONS	Pharmacist led patient self-testing is a viable method of management .
CONCLUSIONS	It provides significant increases in anti-coagulation control for a minimal increase in cost .

###25052161
BACKGROUND	Psoriasis causes worldwide concern because of its high-prevalence , as well as its harmful , and incurable characteristics .
BACKGROUND	Topical therapy is a conventional treatment for psoriasis vulgaris .
BACKGROUND	Chinese medicine ( CM ) has been commonly used in an integrative way for psoriasis patients for many years .
BACKGROUND	Some CM therapies have shown therapeutic effects for psoriasis vulgaris ( PV ) , including relieving symptoms and improving quality of life , and may reduce the relapse rate .
BACKGROUND	However , explicit evidence has not yet been obtained .
BACKGROUND	The purpose of the present trial is to examine the efficacy and safety of the YXBCM01 granule , a compound Chinese herbal medicine , with a combination of topical therapy for PV patients .
METHODS	Using an add-on design , the trial is to evaluate whether the YXBCM01 granule combined topical therapy is more effective than topical therapy alone for the treatment of PV .
METHODS	The study design is a double-blind , parallel , randomized controlled trial comparing the YXBCM01 granule ( 5.5 g twice daily ) to a placebo .
METHODS	The duration of treatment is 12weeks .
METHODS	A total of 600 participants will be randomly allocated into two groups , YXBCM01 granule group and placebo group , from 11 general or dermatological hospitals in China .
METHODS	Topical use of calcipotriol betamethasone for the first 4weeks and calcipotriol ointment for the remaining 8weeks will be the same standard therapy for the two groups .
METHODS	Patients will be enrolled if they have a clinical diagnosis of PV , a psoriasis area severe index ( PASI ) of more than 10 or body surface area ( BSA ) of more than 10 % , but PASI of less than 30 and BSA of less than 30 % , are aged between 18 and 65-years-old , and provide signed informed consent .
METHODS	The primary outcome , relapse rate , is based on PASI assessed blindly during the treatment .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes include : ( i ) relapse time interval , ( ii ) time to onset , ( iii ) rebound rate , ( iv ) PASI score , ( v ) cumulative consumption of medicine , ( vi ) the dermatology quality life index ( DLQI ) , and ( vii ) the medical outcomes study ( MOS ) item short form health survey ( SF-36 ) .
METHODS	Analysis will be on intention-to-treat and per-protocol subject analysis principles .
CONCLUSIONS	To address the effectual remission of the YXBCM01 granule for PV , this trial may provide a novel regimen for PV patients if the granule can decrease relapse rate without more adverse effects .
BACKGROUND	Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ( http://cwww.chictr.org ) : ChiCTR-TRC-13003233 , registered 26 May 2013 .

###25234679
OBJECTIVE	This study sought to report the results of a prospective randomized controlled trial comparing paclitaxel-coated balloons ( PCB ) versus drug-eluting stents ( DES ) in long infrapopliteal lesions .
BACKGROUND	DES have an established role in the treatment of short infrapopliteal lesions , whereas there is increasing evidence for the use of PCB in longer below-the-knee lesions .
METHODS	Inclusion criteria were patients with Rutherford classes 3 to 6 and angiographically documented infrapopliteal disease with a minimum lesion length of 70 mm .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was target lesion restenosis > 50 % assessed by digital angiography at 6 months .
METHODS	Secondary endpoints included immediate post-procedure stenosis and target lesion revascularization .
RESULTS	Fifty patients were randomized to undergo infrapopliteal PCB angioplasty ( 25 arteries in 25 limbs ; PCB group ) or primary DES placement ( 30 arteries in 27 limbs ; DES group ) .
RESULTS	Immediate residual post-procedure stenosis was significantly lower in DES ( 9.6 2.2 % vs. 24.8 3.5 % in PCB ; p < 0.0001 ) .
RESULTS	At 6 months , 5 patients died ( 2 in PCB vs. 3 in DES ; p = 1.00 ) and 3 suffered a major amputation ( 1 in PCB vs. 2 in DES ; p = 1.00 ) .
RESULTS	In total , 44 angiograms were evaluable with quantitative vessel analysis .
RESULTS	Binary ( > 50 % ) angiographic restenosis rate was significantly lower in DES ( 7of 25 [ 28 % ] vs. 11 of 19 [ 57.9 % ] in PCB ; p = 0.0457 ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences with regard to target lesion revascularization ( 2 of 26 [ 7.7 % ] in DES vs. 3 of 22 [ 13.6 % ] in PCB ; p = 0.65 ) .
RESULTS	Positive vessel wall remodeling was observed in 3 cases in the PCB arm ( 3 of 19 [ ( 15.8 % ) ] vs. 0 of 19 [ 0 % ] in DES ; p = 0.07 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Compared with PCB in long infrapopliteal lesions , DES are related with significantly lower residual immediate post-procedure stenosis and have shown significantly reduced vessel restenosis at 6 months .
CONCLUSIONS	PCB may produce positive vessel remodeling .
CONCLUSIONS	( Infrapopliteal Drug-Eluting Angioplasty Versus Stenting [ IDEAS-I ] ; NCT01517997 ) .

###25282564
BACKGROUND	Recent studies have suggested that epidermal barrier dysfunction contributes to the development of atopic dermatitis ( AD ) and other allergic diseases .
OBJECTIVE	We performed a prospective , randomized controlled trial to investigate whether protecting the skin barrier with a moisturizer during the neonatal period prevents development of AD and allergic sensitization .
METHODS	An emulsion-type moisturizer was applied daily during the first 32 weeks of life to 59 of 118 neonates at high risk for AD ( based on having a parent or sibling with AD ) who were enrolled in this study .
METHODS	The onset of AD ( eczematous symptoms lasting > 4 weeks ) and eczema ( lasting > 2 weeks ) was assessed by a dermatology specialist on the basis of the modified Hanifin and Rajka criteria .
METHODS	The primary outcome was the cumulative incidence of AD plus eczema ( AD/eczema ) at week 32 of life .
METHODS	A secondary outcome , allergic sensitization , was evaluated based on serum levels of allergen-specific IgE determined by using a high-sensitivity allergen microarray of diamond-like carbon-coated chips .
RESULTS	Approximately 32 % fewer neonates who received the moisturizer had AD/eczema by week 32 than control subjects ( P = .012 , log-rank test ) .
RESULTS	We did not show a statistically significant effect of emollient on allergic sensitization based on the level of IgE antibody against egg white at 0.34 kUA/L CAP-FEIA equivalents .
RESULTS	However , the sensitization rate was significantly higher in infants who had AD/eczema than in those who did not ( odds ratio , 2.86 ; 95 % CI , 1.22-6 .73 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Daily application of moisturizer during the first 32 weeks of life reduces the risk of AD/eczema in infants .
CONCLUSIONS	Allergic sensitization during this time period is associated with the presence of eczematous skin but not with moisturizer use .

###24441150
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this study was to compare efficacy outcomes of initial treatment with adalimumab + MTX vs adalimumab addition following 26 weeks of MTX monotherapy in Japanese early RA patients naive to MTX with high disease activity .
METHODS	Patients completing the 26-week , randomized , placebo-controlled trial of adalimumab + MTX were eligible to receive 26 weeks of open-label adalimumab + MTX .
METHODS	Patients were assessed for mean change from baseline in the 28-joint DAS with ESR ( DAS28-ESR ) and modified total Sharp score ( mTSS ) , and for the proportions of patients achieving clinical , functional or radiographic remission .
RESULTS	Of 333 patients assessed , 278 ( 137 from the initial adalimumab + MTX and 141 from the initial placebo + MTX groups ) completed the 52-week study .
RESULTS	Significant differences in clinical and functional parameters observed during the 26-week blinded period were not apparent following the addition of open-label adalimumab to MTX .
RESULTS	Open-label adalimumab + MTX slowed radiographic progression through week 52 in both groups , but patients who received adalimumab + MTX throughout the study exhibited less radiographic progression than those who received placebo + MTX during the first 26 weeks ( mean mTSS at week 52 = 2.56 vs 3.30 , P < 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Delayed addition of adalimumab in Japanese MTX-naive early RA patients did not impact clinical and functional outcomes at week 52 compared with the earlier addition of adalimumab .
CONCLUSIONS	However , the accrual of significant structural damage during blinded placebo + MTX therapy contributed to the persistence of differences between the treatment strategies , suggesting that Japanese patients at risk for aggressive disease should benefit from the early inclusion of adalimumab + MTX combination therapy .
CONCLUSIONS	Trial registration .
CONCLUSIONS	ClinicalTrials.gov ( http://clinicaltrials.gov/ ) , NCT00870467 .

###24687826
OBJECTIVE	Patient-reported outcomes may help inform treatment choice in advanced/metastatic renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) , particularly between approved targeted therapies with similar efficacy .
OBJECTIVE	This double-blind cross-over study evaluated patient preference for pazopanib or sunitinib and the influence of health-related quality of life ( HRQoL ) and safety factors on their stated preference .
METHODS	Patients with metastatic RCC were randomly assigned to pazopanib 800 mg per day for 10 weeks , a 2-week washout , and then sunitinib 50 mg per day ( 4 weeks on , 2 weeks off , 4 weeks on ) for 10 weeks , or the reverse sequence .
METHODS	The primary end point , patient preference for a specific treatment , was assessed by questionnaire at the end of the two treatment periods .
METHODS	Other end points and analyses included reasons for preference , physician preference , safety , and HRQoL .
RESULTS	Of 169 randomly assigned patients , 114 met the following prespecified modified intent-to-treat criteria for the primary analysis : exposure to both treatments , no disease progression before cross over , and completion of the preference questionnaire .
RESULTS	Significantly more patients preferred pazopanib ( 70 % ) over sunitinib ( 22 % ) ; 8 % expressed no preference ( P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	All preplanned sensitivity analyses , including the intent-to-treat population , statistically favored pazopanib .
RESULTS	Less fatigue and better overall quality of life were the main reasons for preferring pazopanib , with less diarrhea being the most cited reason for preferring sunitinib .
RESULTS	Physicians also preferred pazopanib ( 61 % ) over sunitinib ( 22 % ) ; 17 % expressed no preference .
RESULTS	Adverse events were consistent with each drug 's known profile .
RESULTS	Pazopanib was superior to sunitinib in HRQoL measures evaluating fatigue , hand/foot soreness , and mouth/throat soreness .
CONCLUSIONS	This innovative cross-over trial demonstrated a significant patient preference for pazopanib over sunitinib , with HRQoL and safety as key influencing factors .

###24292257
BACKGROUND	Only a few , small , monocentric randomized controlled trials ( RCTs ) have compared routine vs. no placement of a nasogastric or nasojejunal tube decompression ( NG/NJT ) in patients undergoing partial distal gastrectomy ( PDG ) for gastric cancer .
BACKGROUND	However , to our knowledge , no multicenter prospective RCT has analyzed the role of decompression after both the Billroth II ( BII ) procedure and Roux-en-Y ( RY ) gastrojejunostomy .
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to determine whether NG/NJT prevents the consequences of postoperative ileus after PDG for gastric cancer after both BII reconstruction and RY .
METHODS	Two hundred seventy patients undergoing PDG for gastric cancer were randomly assigned NG/NJT placement ( NG/NJT group ) or not ( no-NG/NJT group ) with either Billroth II gastrojejunostomy or Roux-en-Y gastrojejunostomy .
METHODS	The patients were monitored for postoperative complications , mortality , and postoperative course .
RESULTS	By January 2010 to June 2012 , among 270 patients undergoing PDG for gastric cancer , 134 were randomly assigned to NG/NJT placement ( NG/NJT group ) and 136 to no decompression ( no-NG/NJT group ) .
RESULTS	Time to passage of flatus was significantly shorter in the NG/NJT group than in the no-NG/NJT group , but only after RY reconstruction ( 3.3 1.5 vs. 4.3 1.6 days , P < 0.001 , respectively ) .
RESULTS	Postoperative abdominal distention was significantly lower in the NG/NJT group than in the no-NG/NJT group after both BII and the RY procedure ( P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	No significant differences in postoperative mortality or morbidity , especially anastomotic leakage or intra-abdominal sepsis , were observed between the groups .
CONCLUSIONS	Routine placement of an NG/NJT after BII and RY PDG is not necessary in elective surgery for gastric cancer .

###24469906
OBJECTIVE	Once daily doses of 100-400 mg lumiracoxib have been proposed to inhibit local prostaglandin synthesis longer than systemic prostaglandin synthesis due to local accumulation in inflamed , acidic tissue .
OBJECTIVE	Lower , less toxic doses , however , might still achieve the clinical goal and merit further contemplation .
METHODS	In a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , three-way cross-over study , 18 healthy men received , with an interval of 24 h , two oral doses of 50 mg lumiracoxib or for comparison , 90 mg etoricoxib , for which local tissue accumulation has not been claimed as therapeutic component .
METHODS	Systemic and local drug concentrations , assessed by means of subcutaneous in-vivo microdialysis , were related to COX-2 inhibiting effects , quantified as inhibition of prostaglandin ex-vivo production in whole blood as well as local tissue prostaglandin ( PG ) concentrations .
RESULTS	Twenty-four hours after the first dose , only etoricoxib was detectable in plasma and inhibited PGE2 production .
RESULTS	In contrast , after the second dose , systemic PGE2 concentrations were significantly reduced by both coxibs , indicating similar maximum systemic effects of the selected doses .
RESULTS	The local COX-2 inhibition by etoricoxib was most pronounced for PGD2 .
RESULTS	To the contrary , no indication was given of local inhibition of PG production by lumiracoxib at the dose tested .
CONCLUSIONS	Doses of 50 mg lumiracoxib and 90 mg etoricoxib produced similar maximum inhibition of systemic COX-2 function whereas 50 mg lumiracoxib was ineffective in producing local COX-2 inhibition .
CONCLUSIONS	At a 50 mg dosage , lumiracoxib does not provide peripheral effects that outlast its systemic actions in therapies of rheumatic diseases such as osteoarthritis .

###26062180
OBJECTIVE	To observe the acupuncture effect on urinary retention after spinal anesthesia .
METHODS	One hundred and fifty-four patients with spinal anesthesia were randomized into an observation group ( 80 cases ) and a control group ( 74 cases ) .
METHODS	In the observation group , the electroacupuncture was applied to bilateral Fushe ( SP 13 ) and Shuidao ( ST 28 ) ; 2 Hz/50 Hz , retaining for 30 min .
METHODS	One treatment was required .
METHODS	In the control group , no any intervention was applied after operation .
METHODS	The incidence of the postoperative urinary retention , the time of the first automatic micturition since 30 min after spinal anesthesia , the volume of the first micturition , the postoperative urine condition , the lower abdominal distention , incomplete urination and the others were observed .
RESULTS	The incidence of urinary retention in the observation group was lower than that in the control group ; the first automatic micturition in 30 min after spinal anesthesia was earlier than that in the control group ; the comfortable urination rate was higher than that in the control group ; the incidence of incomplete urination and lower abdominal distention were lower than those in the control group .
RESULTS	The differences were significant in comparison of the two groups ( all P < 0.05 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Acupuncture apparently shortens the time of first automatic micturition after spinal anesthesia and promotes the recovery of bladder urinary reflection .
CONCLUSIONS	This therapy acts on promoting urination and reducing postoperative urinary retention .

###25098313
BACKGROUND	Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD ) is a growing worldwide problem that imposes a great burden on the daily life of patients .
BACKGROUND	Since there is no cure , the goal of treating COPD is to maintain or improve quality of life .
BACKGROUND	We have developed a new tool , the Assessment of Burden of COPD ( ABC ) tool , to assess and visualize the integrated health status of patients with COPD , and to provide patients and healthcare providers with a treatment algorithm .
BACKGROUND	This tool may be used during consultations to monitor the burden of COPD and to adjust treatment if necessary .
BACKGROUND	The aim of the current study is to analyse the effectiveness of the ABC tool compared with usual care on health related quality of life among COPD patients over a period of 18 months .
METHODS	A cluster randomised controlled trial will be conducted in COPD patients in both primary and secondary care throughout the Netherlands .
METHODS	An intervention group , receiving care based on the ABC tool , will be compared with a control group receiving usual care .
METHODS	The primary outcome will be the change in score on a disease-specific-quality-of-life questionnaire , the Saint George Respiratory Questionnaire .
METHODS	Secondary outcomes will be a different questionnaire ( the COPD Assessment Test ) , lung function and number of exacerbations .
METHODS	During the 18 months follow-up , seven measurements will be conducted , including a baseline and final measurement .
METHODS	Patients will receive questionnaires to be completed at home .
METHODS	Additional data , such as number of exacerbations , will be recorded by the patients ' healthcare providers .
METHODS	A total of 360 patients will be recruited by 40 general practitioners and 20 pulmonologists .
METHODS	Additionally , a process evaluation will be performed among patients and healthcare providers .
CONCLUSIONS	The new ABC tool complies with the 2014 Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease guidelines , which describe the necessity to classify patients on both their airway obstruction and a comprehensive symptom assessment .
CONCLUSIONS	It has been developed to classify patients , but also to provide visual insight into the burden of COPD and to provide treatment advice .
BACKGROUND	Netherlands Trial Register , NTR3788 .

###24586490
BACKGROUND	The aim of this study was to assess the effects of darapladib , a selective oral investigational lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 inhibitor , on both plasma and plaque lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity .
METHODS	Patients undergoing elective carotid endarterectomy were randomized to darapladib 40 mg ( n = 34 ) , 80 mg ( n = 34 ) , or placebo ( n = 34 ) for 14 days , followed by carotid endarterectomy 24 hours after the last dose of study medication .
RESULTS	Darapladib 40 mg and 80 mg reduced plasma lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity by 52 % and 81 % , respectively , versus placebo ( both P < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Significant reductions in plaque lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity were also observed compared with placebo ( P < 0.0001 ) , which equated to a 52 % and 80 % decrease compared with placebo .
RESULTS	No significant differences were observed between groups in plaque lysophosphatidylcholine content or other biomarkers , although a dose-dependent decrease in plaque matrix metalloproteinase-9 mRNA expression was observed with darapladib 80 mg ( P = 0.053 vs placebo ) .
RESULTS	In a post-hoc analysis , plaque caspase-3 ( P < 0.001 ) and caspase-8 ( P < 0.05 ) activity were found to be significantly lower in the darapladib 80-mg group versus placebo .
RESULTS	No major safety concerns were identified in the study .
CONCLUSIONS	Short-term treatment ( 14 4 days ) with darapladib produced a robust , dose-dependent reduction in plasma lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity .
CONCLUSIONS	More importantly , darapladib demonstrated placebo-corrected reductions in carotid plaque lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity of similar magnitude .
CONCLUSIONS	Darapladib was generally well tolerated and no safety concerns were identified .
CONCLUSIONS	Additional studies of longer duration are needed to explore whether these pharmacodynamic effects are associated with improved clinical outcomes , as might be hypothesized .

###24859205
OBJECTIVE	The CpG island methylator phenotype ( CIMP ) , defined by a high frequency of aberrantly methylated genes , is a characteristic of a subclass of colon tumors with distinct clinical and molecular features .
OBJECTIVE	Cohort studies have produced conflicting results on responses of CIMP-positive tumors to chemotherapy .
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the association between tumor CIMP status and survival of patients receiving adjuvant fluorouracil and leucovorin alone or with irinotecan ( IFL ) .
METHODS	We analyzed data from patients with stage III colon adenocarcinoma randomly assigned to groups given fluorouracil and leucovorin or IFL after surgery , from April 1999 through April 2001 .
METHODS	The primary end point of the trial was overall survival and the secondary end point was disease-free survival .
METHODS	DNA isolated from available tumor samples ( n = 615 ) was used to determine CIMP status based on methylation patterns at the CACNA1G , IGF2 , NEUROG1 , RUNX3 , and SOCS1 loci .
METHODS	The effects of CIMP on survival were modeled using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards ; interactions with treatment and BRAF , KRAS , and mismatch repair ( MMR ) status were also investigated .
RESULTS	Of the tumor samples characterized for CIMP status , 145 were CIMP positive ( 23 % ) .
RESULTS	Patients with CIMP-positive tumors had shorter overall survival times than patients with CIMP-negative tumors ( hazard ratio = 1.36 ; 95 % confidence interval : 1.01-1 .84 ) .
RESULTS	Treatment with IFLshowed a trend toward increased overall survival for patients with CIMP-positive tumors , compared with treatment with fluorouracil and leucovorin ( hazard ratio = 0.62 ; 95 % CI : 0.37-1 .05 ; P = .07 ) , but not for patients with CIMP-negative tumors ( hazard ratio = 1.38 ; 95 % CI : 1.00-1 .89 ; P = .049 ) .
RESULTS	In a 3-way interaction analysis , patients with CIMP-positive , MMR-intact tumors benefited most from the addition of irinotecan to fluorouracil and leucovorin therapy ( for the interaction , P = .01 ) .
RESULTS	CIMP was more strongly associated withresponse to IFL than MMR status .
RESULTS	Results for disease-free survival times were comparable among all analyses .
CONCLUSIONS	Patients with stage III , CIMP-positive , MMR-intact colon tumors have longer survival times when irinotecan is added to combination therapy with fluorouracil and leucovorin .

###24754555
OBJECTIVE	We assessed the effectiveness of Circle of Life ( COL ) , an HIV-preventive intervention developed specifically for American Indian and Alaska Native ( AI/AN ) middle school youths .
METHODS	By partnering with a tribal community , we conducted a longitudinal wait-listed group randomized trial with 635 seventh and eighth graders in 13 schools of a Northern Plains tribe .
METHODS	We surveyed participants at baseline , 3 months , and 12 months from 2006 to 2007 .
RESULTS	COL was found to increase HIV knowledge in the short term , but had no effect on sexual activity compared with those who did not receive it .
RESULTS	However , COL was found to be effective for delaying the onset of sexual activity , with the greatest reduction in risk occurring for those receiving COL at early ages .
CONCLUSIONS	Community partnership was key to successful project design , implementation , and analysis .
CONCLUSIONS	The project confirmed the importance of the timing of interventions in early adolescence .
CONCLUSIONS	COL may be a key resource for reducing sexual risk among AI/AN youths .

###24768112
BACKGROUND	Patients with radioactive iodine ( ( 131 ) I ) - refractory locally advanced or metastatic differentiated thyroid cancer have a poor prognosis because of the absence of effective treatment options .
BACKGROUND	In this study , we assessed the efficacy and safety of orally administered sorafenib in the treatment of patients with this type of cancer .
METHODS	In this multicentre , randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled , phase 3 trial ( DECISION ) , we investigated sorafenib ( 400 mg orally twice daily ) in patients with radioactive iodine-refractory locally advanced or metastatic differentiated thyroid cancer that had progressed within the past 14 months .
METHODS	Adult patients ( 18 years of age ) with this type of cancer were enrolled from 77 centres in 18 countries .
METHODS	To be eligible for inclusion , participants had to have at least one measurable lesion by CT or MRI according to Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors ( RECIST ) ; Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0-2 ; adequate bone marrow , liver , and renal function ; and serum thyroid-stimulating hormone concentration lower than 05 mIU/L .
METHODS	An interactive voice response system was used to randomly allocate participants in a 1:1 ratio to either sorafenib or matching placebo .
METHODS	Patients , investigators , and the study sponsor were masked to treatment assignment .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was progression-free survival , assessed every 8 weeks by central independent review .
METHODS	Analysis was by intention to treat .
METHODS	Patients in the placebo group could cross over to open-label sorafenib upon disease progression .
METHODS	Archival tumour tissue was examined for BRAF and RAS mutations , and serum thyroglobulin was measured at baseline and at each visit .
METHODS	This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00984282 , and with the EU Clinical Trials Register , number EudraCT 2009-012007-25 .
RESULTS	Patients were randomly allocated on a 1:1 basis to sorafenib or placebo .
RESULTS	The intention-to-treat population comprised 417 patients ( 207 in the sorafenib group and 210 in the placebo group ) and the safety population was 416 patients ( 207 in the sorafenib group and 209 in the placebo group ) .
RESULTS	Median progression-free survival was significantly longer in the sorafenib group ( 108 months ) than in the placebo group ( 58 months ; hazard ratio [ HR ] 059 , 95 % CI 045-076 ; p < 00001 ) .
RESULTS	Progression-free survival improved in all prespecified clinical and genetic biomarker subgroups , irrespective of mutation status .
RESULTS	Adverse events occurred in 204 of 207 ( 986 % ) patients receiving sorafenib during the double-blind period and in 183 of 209 ( 876 % ) patients receiving placebo .
RESULTS	Most adverse events were grade 1 or 2 .
RESULTS	The most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events in the sorafenib group were hand-foot skin reaction ( 763 % ) , diarrhoea ( 686 % ) , alopecia ( 671 % ) , and rash or desquamation ( 502 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Sorafenib significantly improved progression-free survival compared with placebo in patients with progressive radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer .
CONCLUSIONS	Adverse events were consistent with the known safety profile of sorafenib .
CONCLUSIONS	These results suggest that sorafenib is a new treatment option for patients with progressive radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer .
BACKGROUND	Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals and Onyx Pharmaceuticals ( an Amgen subsidiary ) .

###25904733
BACKGROUND	Cardiometabolic risk is the risk of cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) , diabetes , or stroke , which are leading causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide .
OBJECTIVE	The objective of this study was to determine the potential of low-calorie cranberry juice ( LCCJ ) to lower cardiometabolic risk .
METHODS	A double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-arm study was conducted with controlled diets .
METHODS	Thirty women and 26 men ( mean baseline characteristics : 50 y ; weight , 79 kg ; body mass index , 28 kg/m ( 2 ) ) completed an 8-wk intervention with LCCJ or a flavor/color/energy-matched placebo beverage .
METHODS	Twice daily volunteers consumed 240 mL of LCCJ or the placebo beverage , containing 173 or 62 mg of phenolic compounds and 6.5 or 7.5 g of total sugar per 240-mL serving , respectively .
RESULTS	Fasting serum triglycerides ( TGs ) were lower after consuming LCCJ and demonstrated a treatment baseline interaction such that the participants with higher baseline TG concentrations were more likely to experience a larger treatment effect ( 1.15 0.04 mmol/L vs. 1.25 0.04 mmol/L , respectively ; P = 0.027 ) .
RESULTS	Serum C-reactive protein ( CRP ) was lower for individuals consuming LCCJ than for individuals consuming the placebo beverage [ ln transformed values of 0.522 0.115 ln ( mg/L ) vs. 0.997 0.120 ln ( mg/L ) , P = 0.0054 , respectively , and equivalent to 1.69 mg/L vs. 2.71 mg/L back-transformed ] .
RESULTS	LCCJ lowered diastolic blood pressure ( BP ) compared with the placebo beverage ( 69.2 0.8 mm Hg for LCCJ vs. 71.6 0.8 mm Hg for placebo ; P = 0.048 ) .
RESULTS	Fasting plasma glucose was lower ( P = 0.03 ) in the LCCJ group ( 5.32 0.03 mmol/L ) than in the placebo group ( 5.42 0.03 mmol/L ) , and LCCJ had a beneficial effect on homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance for participants with high baseline values ( P = 0.035 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	LCCJ can improve several risk factors of CVD in adults , including circulating TGs , CRP , and glucose , insulin resistance , and diastolic BP .
CONCLUSIONS	This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01295684 .

###24447651
OBJECTIVE	To assess the impact of sugammadex on activated partial thromboplastin time ( APTT ) and international normalized ratio for prothrombin time ( PT ( INR ) ) in healthy subjects and characterize the concentration-dependency of sugammadex effects on APTT and prothrombin time ( PT ) in normal human plasma in vitro .
METHODS	Eight healthy subjects ( 18 - 45 years of age ) were administered intravenous doses of 4 mg/kg sugammadex , 16 mg/kg sugammadex , or placebo in a randomized , placebo-controlled , three period cross-over trial .
METHODS	The primary endpoint was area under the curve from 2 to 60 minutes post-dose ( AUC2-60min ) for APTT and PT ( INR ) .
METHODS	In vitro , the effects of sugammadex on APTT and PT were assessed in pooled normal human citrate plasma .
RESULTS	In subjects dosed with 4 and 16 mg/kg sugammadex , geometric mean ratios ( treated vs. placebo ) for AUC2-60min were 1.085 ( 95 % confidence interval , 0.888 - 1.325 ) and 1.019 ( 0.868 - 1.195 ) , respectively , for APTT , and 1.047 ( 0.904 - 1.213 ) and 1.096 ( 0.953 - 1.261 ) , respectively , for PT ( INR ) .
RESULTS	At individual timepoints , mean APTT and PT ( INR ) increased by up to 22 % after 16 mg/kg sugammadex compared with placebo .
RESULTS	All such increases occurred within 30 minutes post-dose .
RESULTS	Sugammadex was generally well tolerated .
RESULTS	In the in vitro experiments , addition of sugammadex to plasma resulted in limited , concentration dependent increases in both APTT and PT .
RESULTS	At 200 g/mL ( the mean maximum concentration reached therapeutically ) , the relative increases were 29 % and 19 % , respectively .
CONCLUSIONS	Administration of sugammadex is associated with a dose-related , limited and transient prolongation of APTT and PT ( INR ) that is unlikely to be of clinical relevance .

###25079862
OBJECTIVE	Besides diabetic patients , glycated hemoglobin ( HbA1c ) levels have been reported to predict mortality in non-diabetics patients .
OBJECTIVE	However , the importance of HbA1c levels in non-diabetic hemodialysis patients still remains unknown .
OBJECTIVE	Thus , we aimed to prospectively investigate the impact of HbA1c on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in a large group of prevalent non-diabetic hemodialysis patients .
METHODS	HbA1c was measured quarterly in 489 non-diabetic prevalent hemodialysis patients .
METHODS	Overall and cardiovascular mortality were evaluated over a 3 year follow-up .
RESULTS	Mean HbA1c level was 4.88 0.46 % ( 3.5 - 6.9 % ) .
RESULTS	During the 28.3 10.6 months follow-up period , 67 patients ( 13.7 % ) died ; 31 from cardiovascular causes .
RESULTS	In Kaplan-Meier analysis , patients in the lowest ( < 4.69 % ) and highest HbA1c ( > 5.04 % ) tertiles had poorer overall survival compared to the middle HbA1c tertile ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	Adjusted Cox-regression analysis revealed that the highest HbA1c tertile was associated with both overall ( HR = 3.60 , 95 % CI 1.57 - 8.27 , p = 0.002 ) and cardiovascular ( HR = 6.66 , 95 % CI 1.51 - 29.4 ; p = 0.01 ) mortality .
RESULTS	Also , low HbA1c levels tended to be associated with overall mortality ( HR = 2.26 , 95 % CI 0.96 - 5.29 , p = 0.06 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Upper normal HbA1c levels are independently associated with cardiovascular and overall mortality in non-diabetic hemodialysis patients , whereas lower HbA1c levels are not .

###24714415
BACKGROUND	Indoxyl sulfate ( IS ) suppresses erythropoietin ( EPO ) activity and exerts renal damage .
BACKGROUND	The oral adsorbent AST-120 reduces IS load and has antioxidant and renoprotective properties ; however , its roles in the treatment of anemia remain unclear in chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) patients .
METHODS	Fifty-one Stage 5 predialysis CKD patients with hemoglobin < 10 g/dL were randomly assigned to receive two period treatments with AST-120 plus once-monthly administration of continuous EPO receptor activator ( CERA , A ) and CERA alone ( B ) , with a 4-week washout period in between .
METHODS	Mean changes of serum creatinine , estimated glomerular filtration rate ( eGFR ) and hemoglobin levels from the baseline were compared between two treatments .
RESULTS	The baseline and postintervention mean creatinine levels were 5.48 and 5.36 mg/dL in the Treatment A , and 5.14 mg/dL and 5.61 g/dL in the Treatment B group , respectively ( treatment effect P = 0.025 , period effect P = 0.467 , carryover effect P = 0.384 ) .
RESULTS	The baseline and postintervention mean hemoglobin levels were 9.27 and 10.47 g/dL in the Treatment A , and 9.63 g/dL and 9.54 g/dL in the Treatment B group , respectively ( treatment effect P = 0.039 , period effect P = 0.001 , carryover effect P = 0.060 ) .
RESULTS	Use of AST-120 significantly reduced IS and p-cresyl sulfate ( PCS ) levels .
RESULTS	Hierarchical regression showed that eGFR was an independent predictor for hemoglobin after adjustment of serum free IS and PCS levels ( B = 0.049 , P = 0.005 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Use of adjuvant AST-120 may improve renal function and hemoglobin levels than use of CERA alone in late-stage CKD patients .
CONCLUSIONS	The change of eGFR might play an intermediate role between serum IS/PCS and improve hemoglobin levels .
CONCLUSIONS	The finding offered insight into novel therapeutic strategies of anemia for late-stage CKD patients .

###24605986
OBJECTIVE	Two studies examined the hypothesis that the presence vs. absence of holiday food cues leads dieters to bolster self-regulatory resources and reduce consumption of a snack food .
OBJECTIVE	Study 1 evaluated snack-food consumption on a holiday vs. a non-holiday and in Study 2 , the proposed underlying mechanism -- the bolstering of self-regulatory resources when facing holiday-related cues -- was explored .
METHODS	Study 1 followed a quasi-experimental design in which participants ( N = 152 ) consumed candies either on a holiday or a non-holiday .
METHODS	Dieting behaviour was measured and the main outcome measure was consumption quantity .
METHODS	In Study 2 , a true experiment , participants ( N = 110 ) read primes associated with holiday eating , holiday history or a neutral topic .
METHODS	Self-regulatory bolstering was assessed as the main outcome measure .
RESULTS	Study 1 showed that dieters consume more of a food item on an ordinary day relative to a holiday ; the consumption patterns of non-dieters did not vary based on holiday cues .
RESULTS	Study 2 demonstrated that dieters , but not non-dieters , bolster self-regulatory resources to a greater extent in the presence vs. absence of a holiday food cue .
CONCLUSIONS	Dieters are better equipped to defend their diet-related goals when facing strong holiday-related temptations than weaker , everyday temptations .

###26027102
OBJECTIVE	To investigate the pathogenesis of globozoospermia , fertilization ability of round-headed sperm , and the application value of assisted oocyte activation in intracytoplasmic sperm injection ( ICSI ) for the wives of glohozoospermia men .
METHODS	We collected oocytes from the wives of 2 globozoospermia patients and randomly divided them into two groups after ICSI to receive calcium ionophore A23187-activation and conventional treatment , respectively .
METHODS	We reviewed the relevant literature published at home and abroad , and discussed the etiology of globozoospermia , fertilization ability of round-headed sperm , and treatment options for this disease .
RESULTS	Quality embryos were obtained in the A23187-activation group while no fertilized oocytes , oocyte cleavage , quality embryos , or blastular formation were found in the conventional treatment group .
RESULTS	Both women achieved pregnancy and gave birth to healthy neonates after transfer of the quality embryos from the A23187-activation group .
CONCLUSIONS	Calcium ionophore A23187 can be applied to ICSI for the wives of globozoospermia men and bring about desirable clinical outcomes .
CONCLUSIONS	Meanwhile , attention should be paid to its safety .

###24385115
BACKGROUND	A fixed-dose combination of clindamycin phosphate 1.2 % and tretinoin 0.025 % gel ( VELTIN ( clindamycin phosphate and tretinoin ) 1.2 % / 0.025 % Gel [ VELTIN ] ) ( clindamycin/tretinoin gel ) is currently available for the once-daily topical treatment of acne .
OBJECTIVE	Two-phase I studies were conducted to evaluate the phototoxic and photoallergic potential of clindamycin/tretinoin gel .
METHODS	Study 1 ( phototoxic ) ( n = 37 ) and Study 2 ( photoallergic ) ( n = 58 ) were single-center , evaluator-blinded , randomized , vehicle-controlled , phase 1 studies conducted in healthy volunteers .
METHODS	In Study 1 , clindamycin/tretinoin gel patches , vehicle gel patches and blank patches ( no gel ) were applied concurrently for 24 hours to nave sites .
METHODS	After patch removal , sites were irradiated with 16 joules/cm2 of ultraviolet A light ( UVA ) then 0.75 minimal erythema dose ( MED ) of UVA/ultraviolet B light ( UVB ) , the same irradiation protocol followed by 15 joules/cm2 of visible light ( VIS ) , or served as non-irradiated controls .
METHODS	Study 2 examined the effect of repeated drug exposure and involved an induction period ( 6 repeat phases at the same body sites during which clindamycin/tretinoin gel and vehicle gel patches were applied for 24 hours , removed and sites irradiated with UVB + / - VIS ) , followed by a rest period ( 10 to 17 days ) , then a challenge period that used the protocol described for Study 1 .
METHODS	In both studies , inflammatory responses and other cutaneous effects were evaluated at 1 , 24 , 48 , and 72 hours after patch removal .
RESULTS	No subject experienced any adverse events in Study 1 ( phototoxic ) .
RESULTS	One subject in Study 2 ( photoallergic ) experienced AEs ( diffuse erythema ; mild application site irritation at one each of UV/VIS-irradiated clindamycin/tretinoin gel and vehicle gel patch sites ) considered definitely related to study product that resulted in discontinuation from the study .
RESULTS	Data from Study 1 and the challenge phase from Study 2 showed most subjects had no visible inflammatory reaction to clindamycin/tretinoin gel after irradiation .
CONCLUSIONS	Clindamycin/tretinoin gel has a favorable safety profile following UV/visible irradiation and a low potential for phototoxicity and photoallergenicity .

###24439682
OBJECTIVE	To assess changes in health related quality of life after a cognitive behavioural program for patients diagnosed with abridged somatization disorder in primary care .
METHODS	A multicentre , randomized , parallel group , controlled trial was designed .
METHODS	168 patients were recruited from 29 primary health care centres in Spain and were randomly assigned to one of the three study arms : treatment as usual improved with Smith 's norms , individual cognitive behavioural treatment , and group cognitive behavioural treatment .
METHODS	Health-related quality of life was assessed using SF-36 Health Survey .
RESULTS	Individual cognitive behavioural treatment achieves greater changes in health related quality of life than group cognitive behavioural therapy and treatment as usual .
RESULTS	Improvement in health related quality of life was fully observed at 12 month , and partially at 6 months .
RESULTS	The modality of intervention interacts with time in all dimensions except for Physical functioning and Vitality .
RESULTS	Patients who received individual cognitive behavioural therapy treatment had better scores in Physical and Mental health summary measures at 12 month follow-up .
CONCLUSIONS	Individual cognitive behavioural treatment is the most effective way to improve health related quality of life in abridged somatization disorder patients , and its effects are sustained over time .
CONCLUSIONS	Also , regardless of the type of intervention , physical functioning improves compared with treatment as usual .

###25367235
OBJECTIVE	Ventricular fibrillation is common after aortic declamping in patients undergoing open heart surgery .
OBJECTIVE	This situation has a negative impact on morbidity and mortality .
OBJECTIVE	The aim of this prospective study was to compare the effect of administering lidocaine versus amiodarone before aortic declamping during elective coronary bypass grafting , paying close attention to when the initial effect of amiodarone sets in .
METHODS	In this double blind , prospective , randomized , controlled study , 86 patients who were candidates for elective coronary artery bypass grafting were recruited into three groups : group lidocaine ( group L , n = 29 ) ; group amiodarone ( group A , n = 27 ) ; and group placebo ( group P , n = 30 ) .
METHODS	Group L patients received 1.5 mg/kg of lidocaine 2 minutes before aortic declamping and group A patients received 300 mg of amiodarone intravenously 15 minutes before release of the aortic cross clamp .
METHODS	The primary endpoints were the incidence of ventricular fibrillation and the number of shocks required to terminate ventricular fibrillation .
RESULTS	The frequency of ventricular fibrillation occurrence was significantly higher in group P ( 70 % ) when compared with group A ( 37 % ) and group L ( 38 % ) ( P = .017 ) .
RESULTS	There was no statistically significant difference between the amiodarone and the lidocaine groups regarding ventricular fibrillation .
RESULTS	However , when ventricular fibrillation occurred , the percentage of patients requiring electrical defibrillation was significantly higher in both group L and group P when compared with group A ( P = .023 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	We suggest that during coronary arterial bypass surgery , administration of an amiodarone regime before release of the aortic cross clamp , paying particular attention to the start of the initial effect of amiodarone , is no more effective than lidocaine for prevention from arrhythmia ; however , amiodarone reduces the need for electrical defibrillation .

###24323035
OBJECTIVE	We evaluated angiogenesis-targeted sunitinib therapy in a randomized , double-blind trial of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer ( mCRPC ) .
METHODS	Men with progressive mCRPC after docetaxel-based chemotherapy were randomly assigned 2:1 to receive sunitinib 37.5 mg/d continuously or placebo .
METHODS	Patients also received oral prednisone 5 mg twice daily .
METHODS	The primary end point was overall survival ( OS ) ; secondary end points included progression-free survival ( PFS ) .
METHODS	Two interim analyses were planned .
RESULTS	Overall , 873 patients were randomly assigned to receive sunitinib ( n = 584 ) or placebo ( n = 289 ) .
RESULTS	The independent data monitoring committee stopped the study for futility after the second interim analysis .
RESULTS	After a median overall follow-up of 8.7 months , median OS was 13.1 months and 11.8 months for sunitinib and placebo , respectively ( hazard ratio [ HR ] , 0.914 ; 95 % CI , 0.762 to 1.097 ; stratified log-rank test , P = .168 ) .
RESULTS	PFS was significantly improved in the sunitinib arm ( median 5.6 v 4.1 months ; HR , 0.725 ; 95 % CI , 0.591 to 0.890 ; stratified log-rank test , P < .001 ) .
RESULTS	Toxicity and rates of discontinuations because of adverse events ( AEs ; 27 % v 7 % ) were greater with sunitinib than placebo .
RESULTS	The most common treatment-related grade 3/4 AEs were fatigue ( 9 % v 1 % ) , asthenia ( 8 % v 2 % ) , and hand-foot syndrome ( 7 % v 0 % ) .
RESULTS	Frequent treatment-emergent grade 3/4 hematologic abnormalities were lymphopenia ( 20 % v 11 % ) , anemia ( 9 % v 8 % ) , and neutropenia ( 6 % v < 1 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS	The addition of sunitinib to prednisone did not improve OS compared with placebo in docetaxel-refractory mCRPC .
CONCLUSIONS	The role of antiangiogenic therapy in mCRPC remains investigational .

###24678939
BACKGROUND	Prior unblinded studies have suggested that catheter-based renal-artery denervation reduces blood pressure in patients with resistant hypertension .
METHODS	We designed a prospective , single-blind , randomized , sham-controlled trial .
METHODS	Patients with severe resistant hypertension were randomly assigned in a 2:1 ratio to undergo renal denervation or a sham procedure .
METHODS	Before randomization , patients were receiving a stable antihypertensive regimen involving maximally tolerated doses of at least three drugs , including a diuretic .
METHODS	The primary efficacy end point was the change in office systolic blood pressure at 6 months ; a secondary efficacy end point was the change in mean 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure .
METHODS	The primary safety end point was a composite of death , end-stage renal disease , embolic events resulting in end-organ damage , renovascular complications , or hypertensive crisis at 1 month or new renal-artery stenosis of more than 70 % at 6 months .
RESULTS	A total of 535 patients underwent randomization .
RESULTS	The mean ( SD ) change in systolic blood pressure at 6 months was -14.1323.93 mm Hg in the denervation group as compared with -11.7425.94 mm Hg in the sham-procedure group ( P < 0.001 for both comparisons of the change from baseline ) , for a difference of -2.39 mm Hg ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , -6.89 to 2.12 ; P = 0.26 for superiority with a margin of 5 mm Hg ) .
RESULTS	The change in 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure was -6.7515.11 mm Hg in the denervation group and -4.7917.25 mm Hg in the sham-procedure group , for a difference of -1.96 mm Hg ( 95 % CI , -4.97 to 1.06 ; P = 0.98 for superiority with a margin of 2 mm Hg ) .
RESULTS	There were no significant differences in safety between the two groups .
CONCLUSIONS	This blinded trial did not show a significant reduction of systolic blood pressure in patients with resistant hypertension 6 months after renal-artery denervation as compared with a sham control .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by Medtronic ; SYMPLICITY HTN-3 ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01418261 . )

###24679062
BACKGROUND	There is substantial variability in the perioperative administration of aspirin in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery , both among patients who are already on an aspirin regimen and among those who are not .
METHODS	Using a 2-by-2 factorial trial design , we randomly assigned 10,010 patients who were preparing to undergo noncardiac surgery and were at risk for vascular complications to receive aspirin or placebo and clonidine or placebo .
METHODS	The results of the aspirin trial are reported here .
METHODS	The patients were stratified according to whether they had not been taking aspirin before the study ( initiation stratum , with 5628 patients ) or they were already on an aspirin regimen ( continuation stratum , with 4382 patients ) .
METHODS	Patients started taking aspirin ( at a dose of 200 mg ) or placebo just before surgery and continued it daily ( at a dose of 100 mg ) for 30 days in the initiation stratum and for 7 days in the continuation stratum , after which patients resumed their regular aspirin regimen .
METHODS	The primary outcome was a composite of death or nonfatal myocardial infarction at 30 days .
RESULTS	The primary outcome occurred in 351 of 4998 patients ( 7.0 % ) in the aspirin group and in 355 of 5012 patients ( 7.1 % ) in the placebo group ( hazard ratio in the aspirin group , 0.99 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 0.86 to 1.15 ; P = 0.92 ) .
RESULTS	Major bleeding was more common in the aspirin group than in the placebo group ( 230 patients [ 4.6 % ] vs. 188 patients [ 3.8 % ] ; hazard ratio , 1.23 ; 95 % CI , 1.01 , to 1.49 ; P = 0.04 ) .
RESULTS	The primary and secondary outcome results were similar in the two aspirin strata .
CONCLUSIONS	Administration of aspirin before surgery and throughout the early postsurgical period had no significant effect on the rate of a composite of death or nonfatal myocardial infarction but increased the risk of major bleeding .
CONCLUSIONS	( Funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research and others ; POISE-2 ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01082874 . )

###24787495
BACKGROUND	There is a lack of appetite studies in free-living subjects supplying the habitual diet with either sucrose or artificially sweetened beverages and foods .
BACKGROUND	Furthermore , the focus of artificial sweeteners has only been on the energy intake ( EI ) side of the energy-balance equation .
BACKGROUND	The data are from a subgroup from a 10-wk study , which was previously published .
OBJECTIVE	The objective was to investigate changes in EI and energy expenditure ( EE ) as possible reasons for the changes in body weight during 10 wk of supplementation of either sucrose or artificial sweeteners in overweight subjects .
METHODS	Supplements of sucrose-sweetened beverages and foods ( 2 g/kg body weight ; n = 12 ) or similar amounts containing artificial sweeteners ( n = 10 ) were given single-blind in a 10-wk parallel design .
METHODS	Beverages accounted for 80 % and solid foods for 20 % by weight of the supplements .
METHODS	The rest of the diet was free choice .
METHODS	Indirect 24-h whole-body calorimetry was performed at weeks 0 and 10 .
METHODS	At week 0 the diet was a weight-maintaining standardized diet .
METHODS	At week 10 the diet consisted of the supplements and ad libitum choice of foods .
METHODS	Visual analog scales were used to record appetite .
RESULTS	Body weight increased in the sucrose group and decreased in the sweetener group during the intervention .
RESULTS	The sucrose group had a 3.3-MJ higher EI but felt less full and had higher ratings of prospective food consumption than did the sweetener group at week 10 .
RESULTS	Basal metabolic rate was increased in the sucrose group , whereas 24-h EE was increased in both groups at week 10 .
RESULTS	Energy balance in the sucrose group was more positive than in the sweetener group at the stay at week 10 .
CONCLUSIONS	The changes in body weight in the 2 groups during the 10-wk intervention seem to be attributable to changes in EI rather than to changes in EE .

###24836438
METHODS	Cluster randomised crossover trial with seven wards randomly allocated to intervention or control arm .
METHODS	Medical and surgical wards of a university hospital with active MRSA control programme .
METHODS	All patients hospitalized > 48 h in study wards and screened for MRSA on admission and discharge Intervention : Rapid PCR-based screening test for MRSA compared with control screening test by enrichment culture using chromogenic agar .
OBJECTIVE	We determined the benefit of PCR-detection versus culture-based detection of MRSA colonisation upon patient admission on early implementation of isolation precautions and reduction of hospital transmission of MRSA .
RESULTS	Cumulative rate of MRSA hospital acquisition of in patients screened negative on admission .
METHODS	The sequential order of inclusion of study wards in each arm was randomised by assigning a number to each ward and using a computer generated list of random numbers .
RESULTS	Of 3704 eligible patients , 67.8 % were evaluable for the study .
RESULTS	Compared with culture , PCR-screening reduced the median test reporting time from admission from 88 to 11 hours ( p < 0.001 ) and the median time from admission to isolation from 96 to 25 hours ( p < 0.001 ) .
RESULTS	MRSA acquisition was detected in 36 patients ( 3.2 % ) in the control arm and 34 ( 3.2 % ) in the intervention arm .
RESULTS	The incidence density rate of hospital acquired MRSA was 2.82 and 2.57 / 1,000 exposed patient-days in the control and intervention arm , respectively ( risk ratio 0.91 ( 95 % confidence interval , 0.60-1 .39 ) .
RESULTS	Poisson regression model adjusted for colonisation pressure , compliance with hand hygiene and antibiotic use indicated a RR 0.99 ( 95 % CI , 0.69 to 1.44 ) .
CONCLUSIONS	Universal PCR screening for MRSA on admission to medical and surgical wards in an endemic setting shortened the time to implement isolation precautions but did not reduce nosocomial acquisition of MRSA .
BACKGROUND	clinicaltrials.gov NCT00846105 .

###24953909
OBJECTIVE	To compare postoperative sensitivity following composite restoration placed in supra gingival class-V cavities using self etch adhesive and total etch adhesive .
METHODS	A randomized clinical trial .
METHODS	Operative Dentistry Department of Armed Forces Institute of Dentistry , Rawalpindi , from July to December 2009 .
METHODS	A total of 70 patients having class-V supra gingival carious lesions were divided into two groups .
METHODS	Classes-V cavities not exceeding 3 mm were prepared .
METHODS	One treatment group was treated with self etch adhesive ( adhe SE one Ivoclar ) and the control group was treated with total-etch adhesive ( Eco-Etch Ivoclar ) after acid etching with 37 % phosphoric acid .
METHODS	Light cured composite ( Te-Econom Ivoclar ) restoration was placed for both groups and evaluated for postoperative sensitivity immediately after restoration , after 24 hours and after one week .
METHODS	Data was recorded on visual analogue scale .
RESULTS	Comparison of sensitivity between the two treatment groups on application cold stimulus after 24 hours of restoration showed significant difference ; however , no statistically significant difference was observed at baseline , immediately after restoration and at 1 week follow-up with cold stimulus or compressed air application .
CONCLUSIONS	Less postoperative sensitivity was observed at postoperative 24 hours assessment in restoration placed using SE adhesives compared to TE adhesives .
CONCLUSIONS	Thus , the use of SE adhesives may be helpful in reducing postoperative sensitivity during 24 hours after restoration placement .
